The Coffee Legends of Kaldi & Omar the Dervish Coffee evolution started as coffee legends. Among the stories created on coffee discovery the most known are the Ethiopian legend of Kaldi and the Arabian version of Omar the Dervish. Myths or short stories were created throughout the history of the humanity in order to explain in simple words some events that people could not understand easily. The coffee legends are a part of our coffee education view. The first of the coffee legends is also known as the legend of Kaldi and the dancing goats. It’s the most known between the two coffee legends. There have been a lot of debates though about how truth this legend might be with goats & coffee. The only thing that is agreed upon is the fact that coffee was consumed by Ethiopians in the 9th century. The second of the coffee legends is more religious oriented than the first one. Some believe that there are a lot of true events in the story and shouldn’t be seen as pure legend. Nevertheless, coffee history includes both of them as the beginning era of coffee expansion to the world. COFFEE LEGENDS – Version I – THE LEGEND OF KALDI A young Abyssinian (Ethiopian today) shepherd named Kaldi noticed one day that his goats behaved very strangely (jumping & playful mood) after consuming the bright red berries from a certain bush. In order to cure his curiosity about this phenomenon he decided to try these fruits. He found their taste to be bitter but after a while he felt himself staying alert and full of energy. He picked some fruits and when he returned home he gave them to his wife. She also reported the same effects on her so they thought that it was a gift from God. After a few days, Kaldi took some of the fruits and leaves of the bush to a nearby monastery and told his experience to the monks. One of them decided to follow him to confirm the incident. After observing that everything Kaldi told him was true, he returned to the monastery and convinced the other monks to cook the fruits and the leaves. The outcome though was terrible so they threw the remains into the fire, thinking that it was a devil’s work. All of a sudden, a splendid aroma began to come out of the fire. A new idea stroked them at once; roasting and boiling the grains to create a flavorful beverage. After consuming the new drink they found themselves in a mood to stay asleep for long hours. They finally used this beverage as a stimulant in order to stay awake longer to pray all night. Hence the discovery of coffee was occurred and the first type of coffee drink was born! The first of the coffee legends was on its way around the world to inform people of the coffee discovery. COFFEE LEGENDS – Version II – THE LEGEND OF OMAR THE DERVISH Omar was a well-known therapist in the city of Mocha in Yemen. His abilities to cure people were including not only the use of traditional medicines but also prayers to Allah. His special powers annoyed the Ruler of the country as well as the Head of the Islam Authorities. They spread evil words about him to the public. He soon faced with a lot of enemies who forced him to leave the city for good and go to the desert outside of the port of Mocha. He found shelter in a cave but he was starving to death. One day he saw a small bush full of red berries. Omar thought that this plant was a sign of God to save him. He picked some of the fruits but when he ate them discovered that they were very bitter. Omar then decided to build a fire to roast the beans and place them in hot water. The beans were again hard to eat so he drunk the liquid to satisfy his hunger and thirst. He all of a sudden gained enormous strength that lasted for days. Patients from Mocha came to his cave for medical advice. He gave them to try his new drink as a drug, and they were cured. Soon, stories about this “miracle medicine” spread in Mocha and his followers insisted that his survival in exile is a religious sign. Omar was asked by the Ruler to return to Mocha. Religious authorities proclaimed him as Saint. The plant and the black drink were named Mocha to honor this event. Hence the Arabian version of the two main coffee legends showed to the world how coffee was discovered at the first place!This page is being shared on social media like crazy promising a road trip across the 48 contiguous United States. I’m setting fourth to create a more detailed plan starting and ending from Chicago. If you’re in the Chicago area, start by taking I-55 south to Springfield. This is actually a pleasant drive and takes you through quite a few Route 66 towns. Although these aren’t on this ‘perfect road trip’ map, feel free to comment me and I’ll provide you with details on the Chicago-Springfield Route 66 leg. In Springfield, you’ll want to check out: Abraham Lincoln’s Presidential Library and Presidential Museum From Springfield, you’ll head toward Effingham en route to French Lick. In Effingham, Firefly Grill is worth the stop; as is the Cross at the Crossroads. Keep pushing through and strive to arrive at West Braden Springs Hotel. If you arrive here late on day one, I’d plan on staying here for the night. French Lick Springs Hotel is adjacent and either one is a great stop. You’ll spend the first part of the day here at West Baden Springs and French Lick. Things to do include: Exploring both West Baden Springs Resort and French Lick Resort Downtown French Lick Grab lunch at Mikki’s Deli and Sweet and get ready to hit the road. The goal is to arrive at Monmouth Cave by evening. Santa Claus, Indiana might be worth stopping at since there’s really no rush to Monmouth Cave. Things to check out here include: Onward, continue south to the Monmouth Cave Hotel. Like the French Lick Hotel, I have personally stayed here. It’s not grand like the national park lodges of the west, but there is something special about this place. They do serve dinner onsite until 8pm. Relax and enjoy the hotel. Begin your day with some breakfast at either the hotel or at a local restaurant. After that, check out one of the tours at Monmouth Cave National Park. I’ve done the basic tour and another more extensive tour. I’m the type that gets nervous with new situations and I managed the lengthy tour just fine. This might be a once in a lifetime experience, so I’d strongly think about doing a longer tour. Next up is Spring Grove Cemetery in Cincinnati, Ohio! I’m not a fan of cemeteries, but this was on the original road trip map I decided to include it. Spring Grove Cemetery is the second largest cemetery in the United States and embodies a garden/arboretum feel. Bypass the rest of Cincinnati and continue toward Detroit. Honestly, you might not make it all the way to Detroit. Don’t push it too much. Aim for as close to Detroit as you can. End your day in a hotel as close to Detroit as possible. Options might include: Good morning Detroit! The highlight here from the original article is the Fox Theater which is the largest surviving theater from the 1920s. That being said, it’s probably best to see a show here (if possible) so I’m going to make Detroit a two night stop over. Here are some ways to spend the day in Detroit. Wrap up your day at the Fox Theater. Wake up, grab something quick to eat, and hit the road! Today, you’ll be making a stop in Cleveland en route to Niagara Falls. Activities in Cleveland include: Today is going to be jam packed! You’ll stop in Syracuse on your way to Shelburne Farm, Vermont, and end (probably very late) at the Mount Washington Resort in New Hampshire. Leave Niagara Falls by 9am and you’ll be in Syracuse by noon. Spend an hour in Syracuse and then get back on the road. You should get to Shelburne around 5:30pm. Check out the farm and grab dinner in their seasonal restaurant. Push through and you’ll arrive at Mount Washington Resort in New Hampshire. Activities in Syracuse: Shelburne Farms, Vermont is a massive property located on the shores of Lake Champlain and focuses on sustainable agriculture and sustainable forestry. This is a destination in itself with its seasonal inn and restaurant, walking trails, tours, and farmyard. Arrive in time for dinner. After soaking in all that Shelburne Farms has to offer, finish your day by arrive at Mount Washington Resort in New Hampshire. Wake up and spend the first part of the day exploring Mount Washington Resort. This resort has been a favorite of presidents for decades and is yours to explore this morning. Depending on the season you visit, there are MANY activities to indulge in including the spa, zip lining, river tubing, and scenic lift rides. Next, you’ll head into Maine towards Acadia National Park where you’ll spend two nights. Acadia National Park is where the mountains meet the sea and it is absolutely STUNNING! Depending on how much time you spend at the Mount Washington Resort, you might get to Acadia pretty late. There are a handful of quintessential seaside towns to stay in, and I recommend Bar Harbor. Let’s talk accommodations! So there are some pretty cute B&Bs, but I’m not personally recommending any because I’m just not of fan of that type of accommodation. The hotel I recommend is the Bluenose. The Bar Harbor Inn is also an excellent choice. Cottages are another option, but it might be difficult to find one that rents by the night. If you arrive in Bar Harbor early enough, definitely check out the town. There are lots of restaurants and bars. Acadia National Park is yours for the entire day! There are lots of options here so it’s probably best to check out this website. Definitely check out one of the visitor centers before you venture out anywhere. If you don’t like the idea of tackling a national park on your own, you might want to consider a guided tour. Acadia National Park offers pretty much any type of tour you want including TROLLEY, boat, kayak, bike, and air tours. If you’re more the independent type, there are 125 miles of hiking trails. Several opportunities for whale watching are available. There are other types of activities as well. After a long day in the national park, consider visiting the spa at either Bluenose or Bar Harbor Inn. End your day either in Bar Harbor or in a neighboring town. Today is fun filled! Hit the road as early as possible toward Boston. First, you’ll visit the USS Constitution. Also known as “Old Ironsides” this boat was best known for it’s role in the War of 1812. If you’re wanting to spend a decent amount of time in Boston, consider getting the city pass. After exploring Boston, you’ll head toward Newport, Rhode Island. You’ll arrive in time to check in to your hotel and enjoy some local fare for dinner. Stay tuned for part 2 where we start at the Breakers in Newport!Baku. 30 January. REPORT.AZ/ Minister of Foreign Affairs of the State of Qatar Sheikh Mohammed bin Abdulrahman bin Jassim Al-Thani will pay an official visit to Azerbaijan. Report informs referring to the press service of Azerbaijani Ministry of Foreign Affairs, an official visit in the Republic of Azerbaijan will take place on January 30-31, 2017. During the visit, Sheikh Mohammed bin Abdulrahman bin Jassim Al-Thani will have a meeting with Foreign Minister Elmar Mammadyarov and other officials.Bedside BooksPosted: August 18, 2012 Required Reading by Philip Larkin: This collection of essays on poetry and literature, memories of his early life, and a sampling of his jazz writing clearly, in my mind at least, yokes Larkin with William Empson, or at least one aspect of Empson – their closely shared hard-minded approach to literary criticism. While they shared a fundamental view about naturalism and literary value, they expressed themselves totally differently and yet somehow, in the end, one comes out feeling the same about both men as writers and thinkers. Empson builds his cases on detailed exegesis while Larkin springs to the same spot without strewing a trail of literary shavings. What would have been the chemistry had they been in the same room? Would Larkin’s stoical nature have shrunk before Empson’s bizarre mental gymnastics? Would it have been a stoical and epicurean stand-off, or would they have smiled at the circularity of their approach, declaring a truce at some ground-zero level? Larkin covers a surprising amount of personal ground in these essays: Oxford, his days as a small town librarian, a great range of poetic esthetics, a surprising amount about Hardy (one of his favorites); it also includes his Paris Review interview and a long Guardian interview; all in all, very satisfying for a Larkin fan. Roman Civilization edited by J.P.V.D. Balsdon: This collection of topics by scholars in the field underscores the profound influence of Roman law, administration and engineering on the modern world. While the Romans created little in the fields of literature, theater, philosophy or science, because of the earlier overdetermined brilliance of the Greeks, they did leave the world with a monumental gift: for a few golden centuries they were able to hold the competing forces of society together enough to show the world that the lower strata of society could be organized in such a way to benefit society at large without the two extremes and the middle wrecking the system. How much the daily openness of Rome itself and the intermingling of all classes of people contributed to the essence of Roman sensibilities is an interesting question. It was the antithesis of what’s happening in the US now, as partisans pollute the public discourse, which too often is in the hands of short-sighted nitwits with no practical sense. Classical Rome surely had its rogues, partisans, revolutionaries, privateers, all ready to raid the public coffers, or topple a government, but it also had exceptionally great legal minds, some military geniuses, and, more importantly, some great practical minds adroit in the art of compromise. Cicero and the Roman Republic by F.R. Cowell: This is the book to read for an insight into how a great civilization unravels slowly over centuries. Cicero was, of course, an emblematic legal and literary figure in Rome. Cicero was profoundly influenced by the Golden Age of Rome two hundred years prior to his birth. A contemporary of Caesar, he clearly saw the loss of the Republic coming, he tried to stave it off, he acquiesced in many ways (a victim of his personality), and finally he paid for the failures of both Rome and himself with his life at the hands of assassins. He was an advocate of the sensible management of economic and political affairs to benefit the grand idea of “the people,” a belief that opens itself up to specious attacks from opportunistic figures on both the left and the right, the one-eyed partisans. Cowell is very wise. He pinned the tail on the donkey here, revealing what’s happening right now in the US political system and society. He probes the serious questions: were the defects in the faulty machinery of government, an unsound economic system, were the laws and courts unjust, all producing discontent, “or did the trouble spring from some deeper cause, traceable perhaps to some fundamental change in men’s attitudes toward life.? If so, was it a matter of alteration of social relationships between one class and another, between rich and poor, between the old families and fashionable society on the one hand and the unknown ‘common man’ on the other...Beyond all these possible sources of weakness was there a failure of old religious and moral beliefs and a decay of old habits that had in the last resort been the true source of the vitality of the State?” It’s been said repeatedly in history, Rome fell not because of an external enemy but to internal forces it had once subdued but could no longer control. The Ancient Greeks by M. I. Finley: From whence did Rome spring? In many ways, from Greece, the civilization that was the other side of the Roman coin. In some ways, this book parallels the work of Cowell, taking you deep into the internals of Greek society, culture and the essence of the lives of emblematic figures. You are left with the knowledge that Greece was simply many countries trying to act as one, something it could only obtain with an exceptionally strong leader, such as Alexander, who was a Macedonian, and who relied primarily on his own generals rather than surrounding himself with Greeks. Finley is wonderful on Greek philosophy, Socrates, science, sculpture, Athens, Sparta and stoicism. In spite of its brevity, this work should be read last in any study of Greek life, because its insights and conclusions carry such great weight. I am already eager to reread it. Sexual Life in Ancient Greece by Hans Licht: What an education you receive about Greece by looking at the role of the human figure in Greek culture, marriage, sex, prostitutes, religion, the role of love between men, women and various combinations thereof. Never has a country had such a wide open sexual culture; sex was a component of so much of Greece’s religious life, if not on the surface, then embedded in the ritualistic practices. Simply put, there were almost no taboos in Greek sexual life, and the higher courtesans offered intellectual companionship as well as physical pleasure to their client/s. The elite courtesans rose to the highest ranks as close associates of political leaders, scientists, philosophers and the artists of the day. Licht was a prodigious researcher with an encyclopedic grasp of Greek literature and visual arts, and he uses his skills so thoroughly that you receive a detailed survey of the literary and visual arts and how sexuality was used by writers and artisans in portraying Greek life. This book can’t be ignored; its exacting scholarship is far from prurient. If equal studies were done for other major civilizations, history would make more sense, but such a corrective is unlikely to come at this late date. One shivers at the prudery of most Western countries today. One sees how Freud mined Greek thought and scholarship in assembling his theories of sexuality. The role of hetairae, or female prostitutes, through the scholarly skills of Licht, are given a well-deserved central place in Greek society, a place they have rarely shared in societies before or since.The Royal Thimphu College and World Wildlife Fund (WWF) Bhutan signed a Memorandum of Understanding on Thursday, 5 May, 2016. This partnership will provide a total of 6 scholarships each year under two categories - 2 full and 4 partial - will be provided for the 3 year BSc in Environmental Management programme at RTC. One of the full scholarships will be awarded under the Late Mingma Norbu Sherpa memorial scholarship fund. WWF believes that investing in training and education is critical for biodiversity conservation. Thus, for over two decades, the Russell E. Train Education for Nature Program (EFN) has been providing financial support to proven and potential conservation leaders in Africa, Asia, and Latin America to gain the skills and knowledge they need to address the conservation challenges in their home countries. EFN supports conservationists to pursue graduate studies, attend short-term training courses, and train local communities in WWF priority places. Started in 1994 to honour the late Russell E. Train, founder, president, and chairman of the board of WWF. Russell E. Train was founder and chairman emeritus of the World Wildlife Fund. Each year, WWF supports committed conservationists from target countries to receive financial support for their studies and field research. Considering that Bhutan has rich biodiversity and strong conservation priorities, it is critical to encourage the youth of Bhutan who will play an important role in taking the country’s conservation efforts to greater heights. The WWF - Russell E. Train EFN Programme has come at a right time to provide the WWF Train Legacy Scholarships to nurture and train young Bhutanese. Awardees (left to right) - Wesal Bidha, Dechen Tshomo, Sonam Yangchen, Sagar Basnet, Nima Khandu and Pem Dorji TamangLast updated on SEPTEMBER 02, 2016 Applies to:Oracle Fusion Global Payroll - Version 188.8.131.52.0 and later Oracle Fusion Global Payroll Cloud Service - Version 184.108.40.206.0 and later Information in this document applies to any platform. Create a Flow Pattern for Quick pay calculations which starts with Calculate Quick Pay and ends with Generate Payslip. The following Tasks have been added: Calculate Quickpay Prepayments Archive Periodic Payroll Results Generate Check Payment but the Archive Periodic Payroll Results is ending in error. Sign In with your My Oracle Support account Don't have a My Oracle Support account? Click to get started Million Knowledge Articles and hundreds of Community platformsThe 86th Academy Awards will be airing on ABC March 2nd, 2014. Last year, I wowed millions and established tremendous credibility by predicting virtually every category correctly. I was even awarded the top prize by a local newspaper for winning their contest. This year, I will put it all on the line and unveil my predictions for all 24 major categories. Check out my 2014 Oscar Predictions on my Awards Spotlight Page!Activated carbon has been specially treated to open up millions of tiny pores and fissures. This creates a huge internal surface area. In fact, less than a handful of carbon has the surface area of an entire football field. When polluted air is drawn into the air purifier, chemicals, gases and odors are trapped in these openings. An air purifier made specifically for chemicals and odors will have a thick filter of granular activated carbon. Avoid any air purifier that uses only a thin carbon filter. This type of air purifier simply does not have enough carbon to be effective. It will quickly become saturated and may stop adsorbing within weeks or even days. A large carbon filter could last up to two years depending on the level of odors and chemicals in the dwelling. Our standard “EXEC” carbon blend has a very large internal surface area and works exceptionally well for a wide range of air pollutants. The “Vocarb” carbon blend is our most recommended and best-selling specialty carbon blend. Vocarb stands for Volatile organic compounds or VOCs and this include a variety of chemicals that can cause a range of health problems including shortness of breath, headaches, fatigue, nausea, dizziness and eye, nose, lung and throat irritation. Some VOC's are suspected to cause cancer in humans and have been shown to cause cancer in animals. The long-term health effects caused by VOC's would depend on the concentration and length of exposure. Some chemicals adhere better to different types of carbon materials and carbon blends. Over the years we’ve sourced and developed over 40 carbon blends. If you have an odor or chemical you need to remove, we have a blend to target itTo be honest, I didn't hear of it until a couple of weeks ago, either. But, after reading so many negativ things about how etsy lets some of us down, I was looking into alternatives. Zibbet is pretty similar to etsy but doesn't have it's size ... yet. Hopefully this will change soon. It also doesn't charge any fees for listing or selling items. This monday I was so lucky to be chosen as the features Zibbeter of the week. Have a look (click on the picture). On a personal side, I want to thank you for your well wishes for my husband. He is at home now after his surgery. It is hard physical work for me to play the nurse (hubby isn't a lightweight) ;-) but he is getting better every day a little bit. And my little boy is helping me a lot.We are Emma and Buster. We are rescued by Mama and Papa from the shelter. Emma came first and 7 months later Buster joined the party. This is our life, our purrfect life. I hope you're hafing a good dream! Oh you are so adorable in that pose! The Human is all squee! squee! squee! She's trying to snorgle you through the screen. Emma you are adorable when you sleep! Sigh - can I join you? You look SO comfortable... =^..^= *sigh* i knows ezackly how you feels. freakin paparazzi. We wouldn't have bothered someone sleeping so sweetly! Our mom probably wouldn't be so considerate--she's always interrupting us with the flashy box too! :-P You sure are doing a snoozy good job!As we were eating breakfast at a Charlotte Pancake House before starting our 10-hour ride home, Cheryl asked me what my favorite part of the convention was. I had to tell her to wait to ask again when I had finished processing the news delivered moments earlier that a certain person had just incurred a $1900 car repair bill that we had committed to paying on their behalf. She had not stopped and pulled over when her car started to overheat a few weeks earlier and
voila - 1900 of our dollars that I would rather have used for 2 round-trip tickets to Ireland later, she's back on the road. Cheryl kept trying to make me feel better by explaining all the reasons it might have happened or why I shouldn't be upset, all of which were legitimate reasons, but I eventually told her that she'd be better off commiserating with me and feeling my pain than to try to defend what happened. I told her that I was most affected by the fact that I had not been apologized to or thanked for covering it than I was upset by the original mistake. And that is both petty of me and true, so I admit it here as more of a poor reflection on me than any blame toward the person involved. Hurt feelings aside, the biggest reason I can understand why it happened is that as a teenager, I once ran my VW bug out of oil on rte. 100 on the way home, seizing up the engine, and Cheryl had done something similar at that age. I have a feeling Mom and Dad paid for my repairs, though I don't know for sure. And if they did, I wonder if I ever thanked them or apologized. I have a feeling if I had to pay for it, I'd remember it pretty well. So...thanks Mom and Dad. I'm SO sorry! You rock and I love you and all you did...are doing for me.So as I said, over the weekend I went to a wonderful wedding here in Charleston. Although I hate to say it, one of my favorite parts of the wedding was the desserts! The yummy cakes and cupcakes were all courtesy of Sugar Bakeshop here in Charleston, which has developed quite a following. C & K had coconut cakes, chocolate cake, lemon cake, and a whole assortment of delicious cupcakes. The dessert buffet was perfect. Located on Cannon Street, Sugar Bakeshop is one of the cutest little bakeries I have ever seen. It has an adorable vintage bakery quality that just draws you in. Next time you’re in Charleston, make sure to get up to the bake shop and try one of their delicious cookies, pies, cakes, or cupcakes. You’re in for a treat.John Locke was a member of the Locke family. He was a son of Chamberlin Locke, and brother of Mary, Ian, and Jean Locke. Ad blocker interference detected! Wikia is a free-to-use site that makes money from advertising. We have a modified experience for viewers using ad blockers Wikia is not accessible if you’ve made further modifications. Remove the custom ad blocker rule(s) and the page will load as expected.Really good games tonight. I knew it'd be a tough one and was surprised to see tomasito turn up. (not been on forum all day!!!!!) Games were tactical, fast, and occasionally annoying (broadway side and behind goal issues). JiHaD passed beautifully and threw the Malice defense on a few occasions. Malice continued to push with mixed success but made the breakthroughs they needed in the end. JiHaD defense was awesome too. The game really deserved an audience and a ref! Malice V JiHaT 5-3, 3-5, 5-2 (malice were 3-0 up in the 2nd game)Here are some ways you can support Malama Pregnancy Center! - Become a financial partner - Shop Amazon Smile (scroll down for more info) - Donate your time and talents by becoming a volunteer - Host a baby shower for Zeyah’s closet (Mom and baby resource center) You can make a donation by clicking the Paypal button below: Here’s how you can support Malama Pregnancy Center at no extra cost to you! Amazon Smile is a great way to support your local Pregnancy Center without costing you a cent! We’re all shopping on Amazon right? - ➜ Go to smile.amazon.com - ➜ Select Malama Pregnancy Center as your preferred charity - ➜ Make your Amazon purchases through smile.amazon.com Voila!! Amazon will donate a portion of the proceeds from your purchase to Malama Pregnancy Center!The Singapore Authorities and the NTUC have experimented with A variety of plans to increase lagging productiveness and boost the labour drive participation costs of women and more mature personnel. On the other hand, labour shortages persist while in the service sector and in several small-skilled positions in the construction and electronics industries. Overseas workers support make up this shortfall. In 2000, there have been about 600,000 international employees in Singapore, constituting 27% of the whole workforce. Because of this, wages are fairly suppressed or will not increase for all staff. To have some controls, the government imposes a foreign worker levy payable by employers for lower close workers like domestic aid and building employees. The overall economy of Singapore is A significant Overseas Direct Financial investment (FDI) outflow financier on this planet. Singapore has also benefited from your inward move of FDI from world buyers and institutions as a consequence of its highly beautiful expense local climate in addition to a steady political environment. The Singapore Economic Advancement Board (EDB) carries on to draw in financial commitment funds on a sizable-scale with the nation despite the metropolis's relatively substantial-cost functioning environment. The US potential customers in international financial investment, accounting for forty% of recent commitments into the production sector in 2000. Singapore's federal government promotes large levels of price savings and financial investment by way of policies including the Central Provident Fund, which can be utilized to fund its citizen's healthcare and retirement requires. Singapore's cost savings rates have remained between the highest on this planet since the seventies. The general public sector is used each as an Trader and for a catalyst for financial enhancement and innovation. The government of Singapore has two sovereign wealth money, Temasek Holdings and GIC Personal Minimal, which happen to be made use of to deal with the place's reserves. To begin with the condition's part was oriented a lot more toward running industries for financial advancement, but in latest decades the aims of Singapore's sovereign prosperity cash have shifted to some business basis.[sixty] [sixty four] According to the Human Rights Look at, due to its part like a fiscal hub with the region, Singapore has constantly been criticised for reportedly internet hosting lender accounts made up of ill-gotten gains of corrupt leaders and their associates, which includes billions of bucks of Burma's condition gasoline revenues hidden from national accounts. Singapore has captivated belongings previously held in Swiss financial institutions for quite a few reasons, which includes new taxes imposed on Swiss accounts in addition to a weakening of Swiss lender secrecy. Credit history Suisse, the next most significant Swiss financial institution, moved its head of international private banking to Singapore in 2005. Make your visit to Singapore last even longer – stick with us for three evenings and receive a complimentary fourth night time to carry on exploring the best possible of the city. Aside from the demonstrates, Singaporeans generally check out the Esplanade for its scenic out of doors view. It overlooks the Singapore river and it is in between the Singapore Flyer and Merlion park, generating for a very good stroll around the vicinity. River ferries stops have already been extra lately, enhancing its accessibility. To keep up its competitive posture Irrespective of climbing wages, the government seeks to advertise larger price-added pursuits inside the manufacturing and products and services sectors. What's more, it has opened, or is in the entire process of opening, the financial expert services, telecommunications, and electrical power technology and retailing sectors approximately international assistance providers and better Level of competition. Your Net browser appears to become making use of compatibility mode. To completely enjoy the features of our Site, you should turn compatibility manner off. We see that you'll be utilizing a version of Web Explorer which could lead to This web site to Show improperly or under no circumstances. We would be joyful to accommodate your team in numerous rooms. Make sure you maximize the amount of rooms and reduce the amount of guests in Every single home. Carry on If you have to have assistance, be sure to Make contact with the Resort instantly at or our Toll-free of charge figures by region . Guide now with UnionPay In 2012, the Ministry of Trade and Industry (MTI) noted that Singapore should keep on to fine-tune the calibration of its inflow of foreigners because the state continues to deal with an ageing population and also a shrinking workforce. Singapore Parliament accepted the recommendations by its Financial Strategies Committee (ESC) to the ideal ratio of the extent of immigration and international manpower for equally superior and reduced skilled staff. The federal government recognises that The present Over-all overseas workforce must complement the local resident workforce and never substitute the Singaporean Core idea, and aids companies considerably as they elevate efficiency by enterprise restructuring and workforce retraining; raise resident labour power participation price.[eighty][eighty one] Reservation request cannot be processed. Be sure to accurate predicted space occupancy information to specify at least a person adult with the place # Thank you for signing in to The brand new fourseasons.com and welcome to The brand new web-site. The profile data you've previously offered requires a several compact updates. “, I can't know beforehand the project title, completion day and range of units, so... I incorporate new BTO initiatives in the above table while in the working day of start, not ahead of time. Reservations for greater than 28 nights can not at the moment be booked on the web. You should Get in touch with us to e-book your extended stay. In case you acknowledge and want to carry on your session with cookies remember to simply click Take. You might abide by this url to learn how to control cookies via your World-wide-web browser: . By continuing to work with this site with no Altering your options you consent to our usage of cookies in accordance with our Privacy Coverage. X Your initiatives are squandered, you'll be able to’t idiot people today pretending that you are me, since your remarks show up grey-qualifications like all other people and my opinions surface white-history! This will guide to a different melancholy in residence selling prices. There are various far more HDB flats Top rated-ing in 2017 in additional areas like Woodlands, Yishun and Sembawang plus the figures are Frightening; I’ll leave you [...] No matter if you’re extending a business journey or passing by means of with a two-working day holiday getaway, make the most within your remain using this type of insider information. The launch date can't be predicted, but as you could see from past launches it is generally in next day of thirty day period. Remain More time – Fourth Evening Totally free We invite you to produce your Singapore visit past even lengthier – stick with us for three nights and receive a complimentary fourth night to carry on Checking out the best of the city. But these kinds of precint names were utilized for other techniques too, for example SERS substitution blocks. Numerous men and women thinks that any HDB block which have a reputation is often a BTO, and whenever a Sale of Stability Flats is completed, they questioned me data about “these BTO which are not present in your listing of BTO assignments” or blamed me for getting an incomplete listing of BTO launches. The government has also attempted some steps which includes wage restraint steps and launch of unused properties in order to Command increasing industrial rents Along with the watch to lowering the cost of executing company in Singapore when central small business district office rents tripled in 2006.[citation desired] Singapore would be the pricing centre and leading oil buying and selling hub in Asia. The oil field will make up 5 per cent of Singapore's GDP, with Singapore currently being on the list of best three export refining centres on the earth. In 2007 it exported 68.one million tonnes of oil. The oil sector has led to the advertising from the chemical market together with oil and gasoline products production. Do you find Web-site exciting and wish to indicate it to good friends? Click on the above LIKE / SHARE buttons, share the web site, not merely the Facebook page since it don't have the written content that's on website! Exports, specifically in electronics, chemical substances and services like Singapore's position as being the regional hub for prosperity management give the main source of income for the financial state, which lets it to invest in organic methods and Uncooked goods which it lacks. In addition, drinking water is scarce in Singapore[twenty five] as a result drinking water is defined as being a precious resource in Singapore combined with the scarcity of land being handled with land fill of Pulau Semakau. Govt-joined businesses Participate in a substantial role in Singapore's domestic economic system. As of November 2011, the top six Singapore-shown GLCs accounted for about seventeen p.c of full capitalization from the Singapore Exchange (SGX). These totally and partly point out-owned enterprises function with a professional foundation and therefore are granted no aggressive edge above privately owned enterprises. In April 2013, the nation was recognised[by whom?] as an significantly common tax haven for the rich due to very low tax charge on individual profits, an entire tax exemption on cash flow that is produced outside of Singapore and sixty nine double taxation treaties[sixty four] which will minimise both equally withholding tax and capital gains tax. Australian millionaire retailer Brett Blundy, using an approximated personal prosperity worthy of AU£835 million, and multi-billionaire Fb co-founder Eduardo Saverin are two samples of wealthy people who have settled in Singapore (Blundy in 2013 and Saverin in 2012). The Esplanade can be a waterfront area just north from the mouth of the Singapore River in downtown Singapore. It is actually largely occupied through the Esplanade Park, and was the location for certainly one of Singapore's largest congregation of satay retailers till their relocation to Clarke Quay on account of the construction of A serious efficiency arts location, the Esplanade - Theatres around the Bay, which took its identify from this place. A far more in depth desk that assist you to Examine rates of BTO from 2001 to 2016. When you've got any suggestion how to produce desk simpler to use, convey to me! Occasionally HDB present a different, current completion day when unsold flats are re-launched in SBF, before than completion date estimated on the BTO initial start, but due to the fact not all BTO have unsold flats, and to forestall being blamed for supplying Improper completion date by individuals searching in authentic BTO brochures, I decide to display the original believed completion date. List of SERS internet sites – blocks crafted for redevelopment of previous blocks, which their surplus flats are also available by way of SBF in exact manner with unsold flats from BTO assignments. Update Profile I'll update my profile later Be aware: Profile updates is going to be essential prior to creating a reservation. Combine timeless luxury with modern convenience at five-star 4 Seasons Lodge Singapore in on the list of environment’s most vibrant and multicultural cities. This offer should be reserved days beforehand within your arrival. Make sure you improve your dates and try again.The contract with EBSCO is in the sixth year. By REBECCA SALINAS The district board of trustees approved the purchase of periodical databases with EBSCO Information Services for the Alamo Colleges libraries during the regular board meeting Sept. 18. The contract with EBSCO Information Services costs about $287,900 annually. Library Director Eileen Oliver said the EBSCO purchase had to be approved by the board because it costs more than $50,000. District rules require any purchase in excess of $50,000 has to be approved by the board. “It’s nothing new,” Oliver said. “We’ve been subscribing to databases that are provided to us via EBSCO for many years.” The library has had a contract with EBSCO for five years. EBSCO provides more than 40 databases, such as Academic Search Complete. Oliver said the library does not receive print periodicals anymore, but many now are online in databases. Databases allow students and employees to search through hundreds of academic articles and journals. Professors prefer students use databases instead of search engines because they are more reliable. Oliver said she expects the annual board approval to continue. She said librarians select databases based on what students need most for their classes. This year, the library’s material budget is $469,000, which Oliver said “held steady” from the previous year’s budget. “We’re kind of maintaining this year,” Oliver said. The minute order states that services include electronic and print resource access, as well as management to more than 375,000 periodicals, manuscripts and journal listings. Students will be able to search the database by title, ISSN, language, publisher and subject. The minute order states library staff will, “spend more time assisting students by reducing the administrative tasks associated with ordering, maintaining and renewing e-resources, subscriptions and publishers’ license terms.” The Ranger reported in March that the college library did not repurchase databases cut in 2010-11. For fiscal year 2011-12, this library had a budget of $450,000, which was spent on books and other material; $135,000 of that was spent on books for general circulation. Because of budget cuts last year, the library’s budget plummeted to $330,000 from $620,000 the previous year. A total of 25 databases were cut in the 2011 and 2012 fiscal years, equaling $79,153.34. Among the cuts were NewsBank, which cost $17,340 and EBSCO’s PsycArticles, at a cost of $10,598. Gov. Rick Perry cut state agency budgets by 10 percent in 2010, but the college was instructed to cut an additional 2.5 percent in January 2011. In 2011, the state deficit grew to $27 billion from an original estimate of $15 billion. Databases can be accessed at www.alamo.edu/sac/library. Off-campus access requires a Banner ID. For more information, call the reference desk at 210-486-0554 or visit the library website.* Euro dips to two-week low as austerity protests in Europe grow * Spanish stocks lead European stocks lower, Wall Street follows * U.S. government debt rises on safe-haven buying * Spain's 10-year debt yield jump to 6 pct as pressure on Madrid grows By Herbert Lash NEW YORK, Sept 26 (Reuters) - World shares fell sharply and the euro slipped to a two-week low on Wednesday as growing opposition in Europe to measures aimed at resolving the euro zone's debt crisis unnerved investors already skittish about the weak outlook for global growth. Investors focused on Spain, where the main share index lost 3.9 percent and yields on 10-year bonds hit 6 percent on worries about Madrid's commitment to reform due to violent protests and talk of secession by the wealthy Catalonia region. A general strike in Greece and signs of discord among top euro zone officials over new policies to tackle the crisis added to investor concerns, taking the gloss off recent moves by the European Central Bank to calm markets by buying bonds. International lenders are at loggerheads over how to solve the crisis in Greece, threatening more trouble for the euro zone as the International Monetary Fund demands European governments write off some of the Greek debt they hold. The euro fell to $1.2836, a two-week low, and traded at $1.2854, down more than 0.3 percent on the day. Crude oil prices fell more than 1 percent and stocks on Wall Street followed European shares lower, though not as sharply. Stocks in the euro zone suffered their worst session in two months, while government debt rose in a safe-haven bid. "Things are bumpy again in Europe. You are seeing more tension there," which has driven a rally in bonds, said Eric Green, global head of rates and FX research and strategy with TD Securities in New York. Yields on Spain's 10-year bond topped 6 percent for the first time in a week, while U.S. government debt prices rose for an eighth straight session. Reluctance by Spain to ask for aid could prolong the euro zone debt crisis. The benchmark 10-year U.S. Treasury note was up 14/32 in price to yield 1.6232 percent. Traders and investors active in the market realize that despite reduced risks, the ECB's bond-buying program does not resolve all the problems in the euro zone, analysts said. A fresh batch of weak data and gloomy corporate reports from across the globe weighed on sectors most sensitive to the economic cycle, like autos and basic resources. The Euro STOXX 50 index of euro zone blue chips closed down 2.7 percent at 2,498.52 points, its biggest one-day drop since early August. MSCI's all-country world equity index was down 1.2 percent at 331.13 points. The FTSEurofirst 300 of top regional shares fell 1.86 percent to 1099.01. In the United States, the view of the economy deteriorated sharply in the third quarter and is now as bleak as it was in the immediate aftermath of the last recession, according to a survey of chief executives released by the Business Roundtable. Slowing global growth is likely to crimp company profits. Caterpillar Inc cut its 2015 earnings outlook on Monday, as have FedEx Corp and Norfolk Southern, both of which are economic bellwethers because of their shipping roles. "Buyers have reached a point of exhaustion after FedEx and Caterpillar and the like, all of whom pointed to economic weakness," said James Dailey, portfolio manager at TEAM Asset Strategy Fund in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania. "People had been buying on the idea that the Fed would prop everything up, but if they can't, there's real potential for panic selling," Dailey said. The Dow Jones industrial average was down 12.51 points, or 0.09 percent, at 13,445.04. The Standard & Poor's 500 Index was down 4.44 points, or 0.31 percent, at 1,437.15. The Nasdaq Composite Index was down 19.90 points, or 0.64 percent, at 3,097.83. In the oil markets, developments in Europe overshadowed any bullish sentiment generated by government data that showed U.S. crude inventories fell 2.45 million barrels last week, against analyst expectations they would be higher. Brent crude oil, the global benchmark, fell more than 1 percent to below $109 a barrel before paring some losses later in the session. Brent futures fell 81 cents to $109.64 a barrel. U.S. light sweet crude oil fell $1.76 to $89.61 a barrel. "It is 'Risk Off' today," said Olivier Jakob, energy analyst at Petromatrix in Zug, Switzerland. "The Greek strike and Spanish demonstrations are getting a lot of coverage."Event details were provided by event coordinator and may change without notice. Paid parking may be in effect during this event. Tickets Alberta Box Office - Hours of OperationConcert Days - 10:00 amRed Deer Rebels Game Days - 10:00 am All event tickets may be purchased at www.ticketsalberta.com or charge by phone at 1.866.340.4455 One Time Entry $5.00 per vehicle 4 days: $16.00 3 days: $12.00 2 days: $8.00 * When standard parking fees are in effectTHURSDAY, JUNE 8, 2017 The Day Hamilton County Really Turned Blue Hurley the Historian says many people may not realize it, but today is a very important anniversary in Hamilton County, Ohio, because nine years ago, RINOs at 700 Walnut Street proceeded past the point of no return in their masochistic “Long March” towards the “Bluing of Hamilton County” (which The Whistleblower had actually predicted ten-and-a-half years ago.) Chairman Mao would’ve been proud. Obama’s landslide in November 2008 was redundant. June 8, 2008 was the date our RINOs “Wandering in the Wilderness” had officially begun. Ever since local Republicans got their asses kicked in the 2006 and 2007 elections, The Whistleblower had been searching for signs that local party le
aders had somehow figured out why they lost and had come up with a plan to correct their mistakes before November 2008. Finally, after Disgraced former Temporary Hamilton County GOP Party Boss George Vincent had been sent packing, we hoped we’d never again see anything like that sleazy, unprecedented, last-minute backroom deal Vincent made with Demo-Labor Party Boss Tim Burka to allow each other’s county-wide and judicial candidates to run unopposed. We were even told it had been a humongous mistake for the Party of Reagan to endorse Devious DemocRAT Hamilton County Commissioners Odd Todd Opportune’s and David A. Pepper’s Super-sized $900 million Feel-Good-Social Programs Jail Tax Scam that would also have included a Memorial Hoosegow for our Senile GOP Sheriff Simon E. Leis. And allowing Hamilton County GOP’s official spokesman, WLW Hate Radio Trash Talker Bill Cunningham, to embarrass the Hamilton County Republican Party nationally, was not exactly a sign that local party leaders had learned from the lessons of history. It was no wonder those funny guys at “Not the Fishwrap” had come up with their “Save Us Alex” video, and card-carrying Conservative Gary Boldwater won that week’s Whistleblower’s Limerick Contest with: This year when Hamilton County turns “Blue” The RINOS won’t know what to do. Those pitiful sobs, They will have to find jobs. Maybe then they will all get a clue. Those “Not the Fishwrap” videos, like so many other things during the past twenty-six years in The Blower, have turned out to be pretty prophetic. It’s no wonder those consultants at NoMoreFreeAdvice.com can’t figure out why nobody’s been smart enough to try to hire The Blower to tell them what’s going to happen. So At Yesterday’s Meeting of the Conservative Agenda... Political Insiders were all asking Beloved Whistleblower Publisher Charles Foster Kane why the RINOs’ total abandonment of principles on June 8, 2008 was such a sure sign that Hamilton County had passed the point of no return on its way to become totally “Blue” in November of that year. “Because that was the fateful date of that fund-raising brunch for our Finally Defeated, Corrupt, Evicted, Lying, Plagiarizing, Meddling, Overblown, Bought-And-Paid-For, Tax-And-Spend, Wrinkle-Puss RINO Bitch-In-A-Ditch Mean Jean Schmidt,” Kane said. “That was no big deal,” said the Clermont Crusader. “The Crooked Cronies from Clermont County used to hold crappy breakfasts for their gal all the time.” “But what if there had been some pretty big-name Republicans from Hamilton County on the host committee?” Kane asked. “Like Bill Cunningham?” someone laughed. “Along with Skaggie Maggie at The Fishwrap, that draft-dodger’s been attacking Mean Jean’s enemies for years.” Kane shook his head. Not even a media whore like Cunningham would’ve wanted his name associated with this group. “How about the Honorable Rob Portman?” Kane said. “His hand-picked protégé had ruined Portman’s 70+% Republican Congressional District, and he was still carrying her on his back. Then there was the Honorable Joseph T. Deters. Our County Prosecutor had even talked about running against “Mean Jean” a year before. Or how about the Honorable Me, Greg Hartmann and The Honorable Rebecca Prem Groppe? “You seem to have a lot of so-called ‘Honorable’ people on that list,” somebody in the audience said. “And that wasn’t all,” Kane explained. “There was then Ohio House Majority Whip Michelle Glass Slipper. When Michelle wasn’t living in sin, she and Mean Jean had been roommates in Columbus where they voted for each and every one of Boob Taft’s tax increases. And there was the Honorable Jim Petro (Even before the Dishonorable $tan Che$ley began paying him “over the table”). Remember when people said our former Ohio Attorney General had Republican principles? Or how about names like John Barrett— he was raising money for McCain. Toss in Dee and Benjamin Gettler, Steve Miller, former Hamilton County Party Doofus H.C. Buck Niehoff, along with Diane and Michael Oestreicher and Nancy and John Silverman, whoever the hell they are.” “Was there anybody else?” a lady in the audience asked. “How about Hamilton County Republican Party Boss Alex Triantafillou (pronounced Alex)?” Kane replied. “But didn’t Old Blue Face acknowledge to Cincinnatus Standard Publisher Steve Fritsch that the Republican brand had been tarnished?” someone asked. “Didn’t Alex admit Republicans took it on the chin in 2006, and didn’t Alex also own up that as painful as it was for him to say, the Party had it coming, because for a long time RINOs had strayed from the basic core principles that bind Republicans together?” “It doesn’t sound like our “Alex T., Mall Cop GOP” had learned very much, even then. No wonder we’re still calling him ‘Old Blue Face’ these days, Kane said. Maybe that’s why our Quote for Today Committee chose Einstein’s Definition of Insanity: “Doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results.” “Maybe then new Chairman Blueface had just showed up at Mean Jean’s fund-raiser to help ‘unify’ the Party,” the audience said. “But didn’t he realize that lending his name to such an event, put the Party Seal of Approval on it and was a sharp stick in the eye of every Real Republican who’d already been disenfranchised by the Fourth Street Gang? Maybe Alex had planned to work every polling place in Hamilton County all by himself in November?” “But you’re forgetting the worst part,” Kane said. “Don’t you remember where that feckless fund-raiser for Mean Jean with all those Hamilton County RINO leaders was held?” “Do you mean the Empty Uppity Oprah Winfrey Campaigning for Obama, Under-funded, Ugly-ass Poorly-Planned Unnagraown Rayroe Museum Not-so-Free-dom Center?” the entire audience exclaimed. “Here’s a clue,” Kane said. “Look whose name is on top of the list.” It’s Worse than that,” Kane lamented... “Nine years ago on June 8, Local Republican leaders chose to demonstrate their historic sellout at a fund-raiser for Southwest Ohio’s most embarrassing elected official in history (including Jerry Springer) at 9005 Camargo Road, at the Indian Hill estate of that Great Republican, perhaps the Greatest Republican in Hamilton County History, Greedy Hearse-Chasing, Disgraced-DemocRAT Clinton-loving, Fen-Phen Scandal Plagued, Disbarred in Kentucky, Resigned in Ohio Trial Attorney $tan Che$ley. And here’s a picture to prove it.” “But that was nine years ago,” somebody in the audience said. “Everywhere Alex goes, he’s still telling people he’s learned his lesson and THIS time it’s going to be different.” “Sure,” Kane scoffed. “Doesn’t anybody remember when Alex T. promised to go all the way to the U.S. Supreme Court to see Judge John Williams take his “rightful seat” in Juvenile Court that he won fair and square after Disgruntled DemocRAT Tracie Hunter went whining to Judge Mrs. $tan Che$ley in Federal Court. “And how about Hamilton County’s Disingenuous DemocRAT County Auditor (who was always allowed to run unopposed),” clamored a Hamilton County over-taxed payer getting ready to pay his jacked up property taxes in two weeks. “Even when Alex T. endorsed ‘Taxkiller Tom’ Brinkman seven years ago, the Disingenuous DemocRAT ran unopposed. Now The Old Dustbuster will feel free to jack up some people’s property values in a down economy out of petty personal vindictiveness and spite.” “You’re right,” agreed our Greed Township Snitch (probably not Stadium Dave Linnenberg), who’s really happy about those 6,888 new Section Eight housing units that decreased the resale value of his house. “About the only thing our Mall Cop has been able to accomplish as RINO Party Boss was getting the Greed Township trustees to pass over 98 qualified applicants to give a $50,000 make-work job to his then soon-to-be-former spouse as part of his alimony avoidance scam.” “And don’t forget the other maneuvers the chairman made in order to reward the Greed Township Trustees who hooked his wife up with that cushy gig,” Dan From Delhi said. “He pushed Passed-Around Patti Clancy out of the Clerk of Courts office to give Tracy Winkler a cushy new job she is also totally unqualified for. Then he got Runner-Up Rocky Boiman into Tracy’s old spot. Tracy got Greed Township Trustee Tony Rosiello a new job in the Courthouse after he lost his old one. Tony just so happened to employ Tracy’s daughter at the money-losing Greed Township Senior Center that also employs the wife of a Defeated School Board candidate. “Dont forget that Alex also made “Bronze Star Brad” Wenstrup an offer he couldn’t refuse to get his Courthouse Crony a sweet gig with “Bronze Star Brad’s” Brigade so the Clueless Crony could goof off the next six months and then walk in to the Wenstrup Administration at twice the salary he made in the Courthouse,” said Sarah from Springdale, “and then the Courthouse Crony went to work for a DemocRAT after Brad double-crossed Alex and didn’t hire the bum.” “And WTF was JayWalking Joe Deters thinking when he wrote a $25,000 check to SMLP Smithermouth at the local chapter of NAALCP before the 2012 Election?” asked CH Snitch at 1000 Main Street. “That looks like a whole new definition of the word ‘Blackmail.’ ” “And as usual, the Republicans are asleep at the wheel,” exclaimed Angry Andersonian Trustee Andy Pappas. “Despite having far more staff than the D-RATS, they aren’t organized. They can fund “scholarship” programs for “interns,” but when it comes to doing actual work, they don’t accomplish a thing—zip, zero, nada! What did former DemocRAT OPERATIVE Ashtray Chloroform and his stuck-up, shoe-shopping, fashionista sidekick do all day to earn a paycheck?” “And if you think that’s bad,” Bluegrass Bureau Chief Ken CamBoo added, “Do you remember six years ago when The Boondoggle TEA Party invited Eric “Call Me Crazy,” Big Mouth, Most Sanctioned, Ambulance Chaser, No Count of a Radio Host, Shameless Self Promoter, Willie Wannabe, Why Am I Now A Non-Attorney Spokesperson, Who Likes Bulldogs and Failed Roadhouse Operator Deters to be its featured speaker at its June meeting?” Well, two years ago, we were all still waiting for that unity rally after that year’s Bluegrass Primary Elections, when Louisville businessman and “TEA party” favorite Matt Bevin was the apparent winner of the Republican nomination for governor in Kentucky’s closest-ever statewide primary by 83 votes in a race Obama Supporters in the Press still call “too close to call.” The Blower remembers when the TEA Party backed Congressional Candidate Thomas Massie from Lewis County (wherever the hell that is) embarrassed the Republican Establishment, by defeating our Trooper Babe, in spite of The Whistleblower’s “Legs” commercial, which if it had only been on TV a few more times, Alecia would’ve won by a landslide. Remember: We never print all the bad stuff we know and certain people ought to be damn glad we don’t, especially, $tan Che$ley. SHAMELESS SELLOUTS HOT LINE e-mail your political price today. Some insightful items in today’s Blower were sent in by our equally insightful subscribers. Whistleblower Video of the Day The Sellout Tragedy (Sent in by those Fun-Loving Guys at Not The Fishwrap.) Note: We guarantee iPhone subscribers who don’t go home and see links and pictures on their computers are not going to appreciate all of this good stuff today.Let’s rewind to the year 2000 — Matt Damon was coming off of an impressive string of films including “Good Wll Hunting,” “Rounders,” and “The Talented Mr. Ripley.” Meanwhile, many were looking forward to seeing what Billy Bob Thornton would deliver next following his breakout directorial debut “Sling Blade.” So when both were working together on an adaptation of Cormac McCarthy‘s “All The Pretty Horses,” expectations were high. But the result was a classic story of studio interference clashing with artistic vision. It goes something like this: when Thornton handed in his first cut of the movie to Miramax, it was apparently somewhere between 3 and 4 hours, and not surprisingly, he was asked to cut it down. And basically, what ended up in the multiplex, running under 2 hours, was not what Thornton envisioned at all. Harvey Weinstein got involved, and in addition to slashing the movie, ditched the original score by the legendary Daniel Lanois and replaced it with something by Marty Stuart. The movie flopped in theaters both commercially and critically. Many have wondered what happened with Thornton’s original version. Apparently, it’s still kicking around. Chatting with Playboy recently, Damon was asked if there was ever an experience that made him want to “pack it all in,” and this was one that came to mind. “Everybody who worked on ‘All the Pretty Horses’ took so much time and cared so much. As you know, the Cormac McCarthy book is set in 1949 and is about a guy trying to hold on to his old way of life. The electric guitar became popular in 1949, and the composer Daniel Lanois got an old 1949 guitar and wrote this spare, haunting score,” Damon shared. “We did the movie listening to his score. It informed everything we did. We made this very dark, spare movie, but the studio wanted an epic with big emotions and violins. They saw the cast, the director, Billy Bob Thornton, and the fact that we spent $50 million, and they never released our movie—though the cut still exists. Billy had a heart problem at that time, and it was because his heart fucking broke from fighting for that film. It really fucked him up. It still bothers me to this day.” So, is this the starting point for a petition for somebody to release the full cut? We suppose so, but there is still one stumbling block — Lanois actually owns the rights to his score, and has thus far refused to license it for any release of the movie. Though presumably if Thornton was allowed to re-instate his original vision, that would change. Needless to say, we’re curious. Matt, if you ever want to have us over to watch it, we’ll bring the popcorn.Man charged after online threats made at University of Missouri Hunter M. Park arrested about 2 a.m. Wednesday A 19-year-old white man suspected of posting online threats to shoot black students and faculty was arrested Wednesday, authorities said, adding to the racial tensions at the heart of the protests that led to the resignations of two University of Missouri leaders earlier this week. Hunter M. Park, a student at a sister campus in Rolla, was arrested shortly before 2 a.m. at a residence hall. The school said no weapons were found. Prosecutors have filed a charge of making terroristic threats against Park, who is enrolled at the Missouri University of Science and Technology in Rolla. He was taken to jail in Columbia, where prosecutors asked that he be held without bond. The posts, discovered Tuesday on the anonymous location-based messaging app YikYak and other social media, threatened to "shoot every black person I see." They followed the resignations on Monday of the University of Missouri system president and the chancellor of its flagship campus in Columbia. There were other threats, and authorities did not say if additional arrests were possible. Another threat said: "Some of you are alright. Don't go to campus tomorrow." The message seemed to echo one that appeared on the website 4chan - a forum where racist and misogynistic comments are common - ahead of the deadly campus shooting at an Oregon community college last month. Additional officers were already on campus before the university learned of the threats. University police were working with other state and local agencies to ensure the campus was secure, police Maj. Brian Weimer said in a statement. "We investigated a number of reports and tips and take every one of them seriously," Weimer said. The school's online emergency information center tweeted, "There is no immediate threat to campus," and asked students not to spread rumors. On Wednesday morning, student foot traffic was light as Steven Loughrige made his way to class. He said he never took the threats seriously because they appeared on social media. "I'm just disappointed that it escalated," said Loughrige, a white junior studying engineering. Months of protests culminated in a tumultuous week on the Columbia campus. Back in September, the student government president reported that people shouted racial slurs at him from a passing pickup truck, galvanizing the protest movement. Last week, a graduate student went on hunger strike to demand the resignation of university system President Tim Wolfe over his handling of racial complaints. Then more than 30 members of the Missouri football team refused to practice or play in support of the hunger striker. Those developments came to a head Monday with the resignation of Wolfe and Chancellor R. Bowen Loftin, the top administrator of the Columbia campus. A woman who was among University of Missouri employees whose videotaped clash with a student photographer during protests on the campus helped fan debate about free press is on administrative leave. The Columbia campus' director of student life, Mark Lucas, says in a statement that Greek Life director Janna Basler was placed on leave Wednesday and that the department is investigating her actions. A plaza that had been the site of a sit-in by protesters was entirely empty Tuesday night, and only a handful of students were seen walking around campus. Police officers from the campus department and city of Columbia were on patrol. Gaby Rodriguez, a senior, said she was at work when she heard about the online threats. "It's really disheartening and proves the point of why these protests and boycotts were necessary," Rodriguez said. "I don't think I've ever felt this unsafe at Mizzou," she said, referring to the college by its nickname. Some students, faculty and alumni have said the protests and top leaders' resignations are the culmination of years of racial tension. Among other recent events, members of the Legions of Black Collegians, whose founders include a recently retired deputy chancellor, said slurs were hurled at them by an apparently drunken white student while practicing for a homecoming performance. The university has promised changes. Chuck Henson, a black law professor and associate dean, was appointed Tuesday as the university's first-ever interim vice chancellor for inclusion, diversity and equity. The university system's governing body, the Board of Curators, also announced other initiatives, including offering more support for hiring and retaining diverse faculty and staff and performing a full review of all policies related to staff and student conduct.- 16 ounces roll sausage, cooked, crumbled - 1 can crescent rolls - 1 cup frozen hash browns, thawed - 3 tablespoons red peppers, diced - 3 tablespoons green pepper, diced - 3 tablespoons yellow pepper, diced - 1 cup sharp cheddar - 2 tablespoons parmesan - 5 eggs, beaten - 1⁄4 cup milk - 1⁄2 teaspoon salt - 1⁄4 teaspoon pepper 1. Preheat oven to 375. Separate crescent rolls into 8 triangles. Place on pizza pan and press to form crust. 2. Sprinkle sausage over crust. Top with potatoes and peppers. Sprinkle shredded cheddar. 3. Combine egg, milk, salt, and pepper. Pour over crust. Sprinkle with parmesan. 4. Bake for 25-30 minutes or until golden and eggs are set.I post a new MCAT CARS Passage everyday for anyone who wants to practice for the CARS Section. Each article is selected to meet the AAMC MCAT criteria. Subscribe by email to receive a new practice passage each morning. February 19, 2017 – MCAT CARS Passage Question: What is your summary of the author’s main ideas. Post your own answer in the comments before reading those made by others. When James Risen, a New York Times reporter, published a book last autumn accusing the American Psychological Association (APA), the largest professional organisation of American psychologists, of working with the Bush administration on torture, the APA issued a swift rebuttal: “APA is committed to fostering the highest ethical standards for the profession... We will continue to proactively communicate our strict and explicit no torture under any circumstances policy to federal officials so they are fully aware of the appropriate restrictions on psychologists’ roles.” In a spirit of transparency, the APA commissioned an independent investigation to confirm that neither the association nor its members, who number around 122,500, endorsed the government’s use of enhanced interrogation tactics. The investigation, led by David Hoffman of the law firm Sidley Austin, concluded this month with the publication of a 542-page report. Its findings diverge considerably from the APA’s expectations. Far from upholding their Hippocratic oath to “do no harm”, APA psychologists did indeed work with officials from the Defense Department and the CIA to facilitate the torture of detainees. This involved issuing loose ethical guidelines that endorsed existing DoD interrogation policies and permitted psychologists to participate at Guantanamo Bay and elsewhere—unlike their colleagues in the field of psychiatry, who refused to back the government’s evolving interrogation tactics. Though the APA’s policies adhered to US law, they violated medical ethics. Stephen Behnke, ethics director of the APA, was at the heart of this effort. In a series of e-mail exchanges, he sought pre-clearance from leaders in the US Army Special Operations Command before determining what APA’s position should be. Perhaps the most disturbing discovery is the self-serving, amoral tenor of APA’s approach to this issue generally. The report notes: “While we found many emails and discussions regarding how best to position APA to maximize its influence with and build its positive relationship with the Defense Department...we found little evidence of analyses or discussions about the best or right ethical position to take in light of the nature of the profession and the special skill that psychologists possess regarding how our minds and emotions work—a special skill that presumably allows psychologists to be especially good at both healing and harming.” It seems Mr Risen’s argument that a rising “homeland security-industrial complex” co-opted medical expertise for military ends holds up. But why did the Department of Defense seek the APA’s blessing in the first place? And what did the APA stand to gain from co-operating? In 2002 the Office of Legal Counsel at the Justice Department issued memos defining torture, narrowly, as acts that intentionally cause physical or severe mental pain. It follows that actions could not be considered torture if interrogators could show that they did not intend to cause such pain. Seeking out the APA’s approval was a way for DoD officials to prove that they did not harbour this intent. This lent a veneer of professionalism and legitimacy to interrogators’ dubious practices. It was a veneer the APA was happy to lend. This is in large part because the DoD is one of the largest employers of psychologists in the country. Today, 7% of APA members work with or for the department in a range of roles, including as clinicians and researchers. As of 2010, 3,400 psychologists were employed by the Veterans Administration alone. Since 2007, the DoD has also spent more than $730m to fund research on psychological health, post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) and traumatic brain injury, according to the Hoffman report. At least $120m in grants were awarded for research on behavioural, cognitive and psycholog
ical therapies between 2007 and 2011. This partnership is mostly a good thing. Many psychologists are hired to help military personnel and veterans grapple with PTSD and other mental maladies. But this alliance also apparently encouraged the APA to accommodate less savoury practices. With evidence from correspondence, documents and interviews, Mr Hoffman and his associates concluded that the APA’s endorsement of torture was largely motivated by a desire to promote the profession and strengthen its relationship with the DoD. When the department was negotiating its torture guidelines, it was also figuring out how psychologists and psychiatrists might play a role in intelligence operations. E-mails show APA officials were eager to be involved and, especially, to not lose out to psychiatrists—an expression of the long-standing rivalry between the professions. (As PhDs rather than MDs, psychologists are often defensive about their medical credibility.) By 2006, the American Medical Association and the American Psychiatric Association had both issued decrees prohibiting their members from participating in interrogations. APA had not, and this support was duly rewarded. In 2006 William Winkenwerder, the Assistant Secretary of Defence for Health Affairs, issued a DoD instruction prioritising psychologists over psychiatrists as behavioural-science “consultants”. Mr Winkenwerder explained that the APA’s “clear support” for the role of psychologists in interrogations “influenced our thinking”. The APA is now scrambling to distance itself from the military’s intelligence activities and to reaffirm its commitments to medical ethics. An initial set of policy and procedural changes includes a new prohibition on psychologists participating in interrogations by military or intelligence services. The proposals have been accompanied by an exodus of high-level APA officials. Mr Behnke was removed from his position at APA on July 8th. Norman Anderson, the chief executive, and Michael Honaker, his deputy, announced their retirement shortly thereafter. Rhea Farberman, director of communications, has resigned. The association is now left to answer some thorny questions about how a profession devoted to mental health could so easily be persuaded to pursue mental anguish instead. Adapted from economist Leave a comment below with what you understood to be the author’s main ideas. Ask about this daily passage in office hours/workshops for help. Subscribe to my Daily CARS mailing list by entering your email. The full list of daily articles is available here. This was an article on Psychology. Have a great day. [jetpack_subscription_form title=”Subscribe to Jack Westin’s Daily CARS” subscribe_text=”New MCAT CARS passage every morning.” subscribe_button=”Subscribe” show_subscribers_total=”0′′]Tag: native people Chickasaw teacher Merry Monroe has spent the last 47 years helping both Native American students and non-Native students succeed. Joaquin Ray Gallegos Joaquin Ray Gallegos, from the Jicarilla Apache Nation and the Pueblo of Santa Ana, was raised to be a connection-maker. Read about his successes here An extensive interview with Michael Greyeyes: Discusses Qaletaqa Walker on Fear the Walking Dead and Sitting Bull in Woman Walks Ahead Indigenous peoples continue to widely reject the monikers 'Native American' and 'American Indian' and instead refer to themselves by their tribe, nation Disney knew Pocahontas was young, but they wanted her to be 'sexy': Disney's Pocahontas isn't just offensive and historically inaccurate, but harmful. DNA evidence shows that most Puerto Ricans are a blending of Taino (Indian), Spanish and African according to studies by Dr. Juan Martinez-Cruzado. Taylor Sheridan, the Oscar-Nominated Screenwriter and Director of ‘Wind River’ talks to ICMN about spending decades on the rez and his film Wind River It took years of self-study and reconnecting to his ancestral knowledge for Karlos Baca (Diné/Tewa/Nuche) to shed the colonial mind frame that’s so deeply embedded in modern culinary styles. “I had this colonial imprint of how things are supposed to be done in regards to cooking and product methodology,... An interview with one of Indian country's most iconic actors: Gil Birmingham discusses his role on Wind River. Directed by Taylor Sheridan. Rumble reminds us—teaches us—that Native peoples provide creative energies to the world, despite invasion and colonization. Credit Card Identification Number This number is recorded as an additional security precaution. 4 digit, non-embossed number printed above your account number on the front of your card. 3-digit, non-embossed number printed on the signature panel on the of the card immediately following the card account number. 3-digit, non-embossed number printed on the signature panel on the back of the card. Enter Your Log In CredentialsPLEASE TAKE OUT WITH FULL CREDITS!! The photo of SHINee’s Key and INFINITE’s Woo-hyun taken a while ago is regaining attention from the public as the unit activity of the two is in discussion. Key has posted the photo of Woo-hyun and himself on SHINee’s official site on me2day on February 13th, 2012 with a comment, “I went to support my friend! Let’s create an awesome performance together soon.” Key and Woo-hyun are friends with the same age. They are in a personal Idol group,’91 line’, group of idols born in 1991, with Jin Woon of 2AM and Son Dong Woon of BEAST. SM Entertainment and Woollim Entertainment has disclosed that they are “discussing a unit movement of Key and Woo-hyun but haven’t decided on the details yet.” The netizens’ reactions were; “I’d like to see SHINee Key and INFINITE Woo-hyun’s unit movement”, “Their photo is heartwarming”, “I am so curious about their song”. Photo: SHINee me2day Source: Naver Entertainment Shared by: juvedelin for infinitechinggyu.wordpress.comAs the Church continues to discuss the highly charged topic of boys, girls, and altar serving, there is one opinion that appears to be as prevalent as it is wrong. Many Catholics advocating for altar girls do so based on an incorrect appeal to obedience. Their argument: since Rome permits girls to serve now, there is nothing more to discuss. In fact, some contend it is wrong to even question the current practice. However, whether or not girls should serve at the altar is actually an ongoing process of discernment. This is what too few understand. Just because canon law permits girls to serve does not mean that pastoral discernment ceases. To the contrary, now more than ever this discussion is needed. For those who mistake Rome’s permission as an endorsement, in July 2001 the Congregation for Divine Worship (and its then prefect Cardinal Jorge A. Medina Estévez) issued a response to a bishop’s inquiry concerning the admission of girls as servers. The Congregation’s response stated the following: - Bishops are free to admit female altar servers. - Only a diocesan bishop can decide whether to permit female servers in his diocese. - No priest is obligated to have female servers, even where the Diocese permits it. - No one has a “right” to serve at the altar. - The obligation to support groups of altar boys will always remain due to the well known assistance that such programs have provided in encouraging future priestly vocations. That this is an ongoing matter of discernment, and not something already determined once and for all, is evident from the letter issued by the Congregation. It is a failure on the part of the faithful to grasp this which can lead to confusion and controversy when a pastor reinstates the traditional practice at his parish. With each new pastoral assignment and with each episcopal consecration comes the responsibility to honestly revisit this modern innovation. Additionally, every Catholic father with daughters must discern this for his own family as well. As clergy and faithful alike continue to learn more about the history and the purpose of altar serving, let’s hope that constructive discussions are not stifled simply because some consider the issue closed. Indeed, ongoing discernment of this is by far the most prudent path for the Church. An earlier version of this article appeared at OnePeterFive on February 2, 2015. Photo Credit: Catholic News HeraldJosé Noel Canales Lagos, a 34-year-old journalist who had worked for the Hondudiario news website for the past 12 years, was gunned down in the capital on 10 August, bringing the number of journalists killed in the past decade to 30 (25 of them since the June 2009 coup). This latest tragedy took place during a visit to Honduras by the UN special rapporteur for freedom of expression, Frank La Rue, from 7 to 14 August, as a result of which the government announced on 9 August that it would create a special entity for protecting journalists and solving the many murders of journalists in recent years. "Even if this announcement expresses a real political determination, it nonetheless follows years of impunity and lack of action that have been largely responsible for the scale of the death toll,” Reporters Without Borders said. "The government's plan refers to the mechanisms for protecting journalists in Colombia but we are inevitably reminded of the Special Prosecutor’s Office for Crimes against Freedom of Expression created in Mexico in 2006, which fell very far short of producing the desired results. The Mexican precedent showed that creating a special entity is less important that setting it concrete objectives and giving it the resources required to combat impunity. "Like their Mexican colleagues, Honduran journalists – along with human rights workers, civil society representatives, lawyers and academics who provide information – will not break free of the spiral of violent crime and censorship until the way the police and judicial apparatus functions is completely overhauled. "Will this new entity be finally capable of implementing the protective measures that the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights requested for several journalists? Will it be free to resume all the investigations that were botched or shelved? Will it be able to take account of all the violence generated by the 2009 coup and its impact on human rights and freedom of information?" Reporters Without Borders added: "We should be wary of measures that are announced for effect when what the authorities could and should be doing is apply the law in the Canales case as it should have done in all the preceding cases." Canales was driving to work when armed individuals aboard a taxi opened fire, hitting him in the head. The motive is not yet known. While stopping short of suggesting that the motive was linked to his work, Hondudiario noted in a tribute to Canales that he had often been threatened since 2009.7 Spins Casino Players from United States are WELCOME!Get 500% Bonus 7 Spins Casino Details - Bonus offer: Get 500% bonus on your first 5 deposits - Software: Parlay, Rival, Betsoft, Visionary iGaming, Pragmatic Play - Established: 2008 - Owner: Blacknote Entertainment Group Limited Casinos - License: Costa Rica - Deposit Methods: American Express, Bank Wire Transfer, EcoPayz, MasterCard, Money Transfer, Neteller, Paysafe Card, Visa, Entropay, iDEAL, Sofortuberwaisung, POLi, QIWI, Skrill, WebMoney, inpay - Withdrawal Methods: Bank Wire Transfer, Money Transfer, Neteller, EcoPayz, Skrill - Withdrawal Limit: $35 000 week - Languages: English, French - Restricted Countries: Costa Rica, Denmark, Israel, Poland, Romania, Ukraine, United Kingdom - Support: firstname.lastname@example.org 7 Spins Casino Review 7 Spins is a trusted and reputable casino that features daily bonuses, fast payouts and professional customer support. The game portfolio at the casino is not that impressive but it is constantly updated with the latest premium slots that are definitely worth playing. The casino is played in a no-download version by default, though players may choose to download the casino app, if needed. The casino works in a fully regulated legal environment and has all mandatory licenses and certificates required to operate in the gambling industry. Payment instruments used to transfer funds into or from a player’s account are numerous and include credit/debit cards, e-wallets, virtual vouchers, prepaid vouchers, ATM checks and more. Weekly withdrawal limits vary from $1000 to $35,000 depending on a user’s VIP level at the casino. New players who have just signed up at 7 Spins have the right to request a withdrawal of not greater than $1000 per week. As a general rule, playing all kinds of video slots contributes 100% towards wagering requirements for all bonuses on offer. The casino has developed an excellent bonus program that will always keep players involved in different bonus activities. Slot fans are welcome to pay a $75 buy-in and join a daily tournament with the $15k progressive prize. On Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday, qualifying players may participate in another tournament with a huge $200k prize pool. To become one of twenty winners in either competition, a player needs to play video slots or table games and gather tournament points. There are also recurrent daily promos and a magnificent Shopping Spree weekly tournament. To join the Shopping Spree event, a player needs to pay a $100 entry fee and then try to collect as more points as possible during the tournament timeframe. A lucky winner will get a $5000 voucher for shopping in some of the European cities. 7 Spins features over 150 video slots developed by Betsoft, Parlay, Rival, Pragmatic Play and Visionary iGaming. All the games are available for real-money bets and for fun; anyway, registration is a must to start playing. The collection incorporates modern video slots with 3D graphics, superb animations, wild symbol varieties and bonus games galore. In another Games section, Classic Slots, players will find numerous 3-reel classic slots with fruit symbols, simple rules and authentic Vegas look and feel. The casino adds new games to and removes unpopular slots from its portfolio, so you are recommended to visit 7 Spins regularly to check for new offers and participate in their amazing slot tournaments. Online casinos accepting players from United StatesIt is very difficult for anyone, to overcome their fears, especially if you carry them since childhood. Recently, Yami Gautam overcame one such fear- that of mice. The young, pretty actress, who is currently shooting for her upcoming film in North India, came across a white mouse on the sets. Yami always found mice to be a little creepy and ran to the other side, each time they came around her. In fact, she has always been petrified at the sight of them. Also Read: Win a chance to meet the gorgeous Sunny Leone. But this time, she decided to be brave. When she saw the mouse, she had a change of heart and decided to get over her fear. She was so determined that she directly went close to the mouse. After some hesitation, she held the white mouse on her palm. A source present there reveals that, there were a few screams initially. But, within seconds, Yami felt comfortable with it. In fact, she found the creature so cute that she played with it for a while and even clicked some pictures with it. Currently, Yami has a busy schedule as, she is shooting for movies back to back. Her last film 'Badlapur' was a huge hit at the box office. The actress will be next seen in T-series's 'Sanam Re', which is slated to release on 12th February, 2016.Simple, yet striking, this vintage-looking frame flaunts a minimalistic palette, only to highlight the architectural feel of the design. Oozing retro vibes, the front delivers an intellectual keyhole bridge, being paired with simple, straightforward temples in the same glossy finish. The updated panto shape will impart a sophisticated look every time these readers are worn, making these glasses the ideal accessory to jazz up an everyday outfit. - Handcrafted glasses made from superior Italian Acetate. - Manufactured and cut out of single acetate sheet to maintain color continuity. - 5 point reinforced German hinges of tempered steel. - Includes high-quality, scratch resistant, anti-reflective lightweight CR39 lenses. - Lenses are custom cut in our state-of-the-art lens cutting lab. Based on your personal preference you can select from a range of lenses to create the best eyewear for optimized vision. All our eyeglasses are designed in-house. We use only the best materials and maintain strict quality standards which are verified by our expert technicians before the eyeglasses leave the workshop. - Color: Black - Material Front: Acetate - Material Arm: Acetate - Rim Type: Full Rim - Shape: Round - Nosepad: No - Gender: Unisex - Spring Hinges: Yes - Progressive: Yes - Width: M 130-139 mm - Lens Width:47 mm - Bridge:20 mm - Lens Height:40 mm - Arm Length:132 mm Superior and safe lenses, all the way. All of our eyewear comprise of lightweight CR39 lenses which has the highest Abbe Value. As a result of which, the CR39 lenses offer the best visual clarity and highest protection as compared to other lenses. All our Lenses are made using state of the art German technology, which multi-layers the lenses with scratch-resistant, anti-reflective, anti-fogging and hydrophobic properties. In addition to our standard lenses, we also offer our customers other premium lenses in varying degrees of thickness. Looking at high strength or cylinder, but worried about the lens thickness? That perfect lens is right at your fingertips even if you have a complex prescription. You can choose between lenses ranging from -16 to +10 strength and from -6 to +6 cylinder for your single vision, multifocal and primatic lenses alike.Be sure that you have an application to open this file type before downloading and/or purchasing. This activity uses the vocabulary from Journey's unit 3 lesson 13. It allows practice of using the glossary to match words and meanings as well as identifying guide words. Students are able to choose words to use in a sentence.Floor 1 16 Montpelier RetreatBattery Point TAS 7004 Time to get an Appointment Likelihood to Recommend 0 Customer Reviews 70 Sandy Bay Road Battery Point TAS 7004 68 Sandy Bay Road Battery Point TAS 7004 Whitecoat online bookings are for standard appointments only. For emergencies, please dial 000.Brita is going to spend the next four weeks at my teacher's place while I am on practicum again, where she will have free run of a large room in the chicken coop with another quail hen for company. The remaining others are going to a new home this week, and when I get back, Brita's new companion may or may not come home with me too. I haven't decided whether I want to keep Brita as a singleton or have a companion for her again. It was a shame what happened to Blondie, her old companion, but I admit it has been much easier to train Brita without another quail as a distraction. We shall see. She seems to get along just fine on her own. Now that I am finished schooling for a while, I'd like to start expanding the information section on this site to include more articles on the husbandry and breeding of coturnix as a hobby. I have been spending some time on Internet forums in an attempt to get a feel for what kinds of questions people are asking and what kinds of challenges new quail keepers find themselves up against. I never intended this blog to be about anything more than Brita's clickertraining, but I'm for than just a fan of training quail - I'm a quail fanatic all-around. Hopefully I can conglomerate some useful knowledge on this site to help people get started on their journey with quail. Because quail are awesome. I just don't know how else to explain it. When I am finally working and living at an actual house instead of on campus, I can expand my quail operation to include more than one contraband quail living under the desk in my dorm (and I have adopted a cat from our school program who is going to live in the dorm with myself, Brita, and Puffy Figgis the green-spotted pufferfish for a whole ten days - which should prove interesting). "Thor" (he came with that name) And I got to personally tattoo, microchip, and neuter him! >:) I am planning on moving to Prince George, BC where I have family and friends and start working at a veterinary clinic as an AHT, find a place where I can start my quail hobby up again from scratch and eventually buy a wee bit of land where I can go hog wild with any hobby I want, and no landlord or city by-law to stop me! (ie hide from).Missy Ann - Your squares arrived and they are beauties! BOAF is one of my favorite designers. I will post photos as soon as I can (we're having some computer problems at home). Thank you so much for your kindness! edited on 10/8 to add photos - they are a little dark; the days are getting shorter in MN so it is usually dark by the time I arrive home!FLORAL DESIGN TRAINING - FLOWER ARRANGING TRAINING - DESIGNING WITH FLOWERS - FLORAL ARRANGEMENTS| Breakthrough New Resource Guarantees Your Decorating Success Finally, the First Complete, Step-By-Step Resource for Creating Beautiful and Inspiring Rooms, Even if Your Time and Budget are Limited...100% Guaranteed! Do you ever throw up your hands in frustration because you can't figure out how or where to get started when decorating your home? Or, do you lose confidence because you're not sure if you're on the right track? Don't worry, you're not alone. The truth is I've found more people confused, perplexed and just plain baffled about colors, patterns, styles and more. And who wouldn't be when there are so many options and combinations available? That's why I'm very excited to introduce a "first of its kind" resource that will not only help you decorate your home according to your personality, lifestyle, and goals... But it will help you do it easier and faster than ever before! The resource that I'm referring to is called The Awaken Your Interior Designer! Collection. It's comprised of four interactive home decorating and decor eBooks that were designed to work in seamless harmony with one another. Inside them you'll find more than 1000 photos/images and 700 pages to help turn your decorating dreams into reality. After reading the eBooks, I was very impressed and thoroughly convinced that they will help you create warm, inviting spaces...just as you envisioned! The collection was written by Marney Makridakis and Michael Holland, two people who I trust and entrust to guide you to decorating success...no matter what size home or budget you have. You follow the comprehensive, step-by-step resource and we guarantee that you'll create beautiful and inspiring rooms, every time! Their "Tools, Not Rules" philosophy takes the guesswork out of decorating, but leaves you firmly in control. You'll feel the difference as you experience the newfound energy that your creations bring to you and your family's life and activities. So, if you're looking for an easier, stress-free way to decorate, then do yourself a huge favor and check out the full story at More Decorating Training Earn extra money decorating for others. Learn about the rewarding career opportunities in the interior redesign field. No experience necessary. Train at home at your pace. We offer the most affordable and thorough training anywhere. 3 Training Levels to Choose from: 1) Basic Redesign Training 2) Advanced Redesign Training 2) Silver Redesign Training 2) Gold Redesign Training 3) Diamond Redesign Training For comparisons and recommendations, visit: Can't seem to get your room to look right? Struggling with your furniture placement? Do things look "off" no matter where you put them? Well, struggle no more. Help is just a click away. Our fool proof furniture arrangement concepts will solve any dilemma and quite literally just won't fail. Get the details here: Decor Secrets Revealed Love floral arrangements? Want to get more pizzazz and drama out of your arrangements? Learn how to design custom flor
al arrangements for every room in your home. We've got all the tips and how to info. Get the details here: Floral Design Training Ever wonder who decides what art work to put in a business? Think that might be a fun way to make money? Well, you're right. It's not only creative, it's a way to make extremely good income. Get the details here: Custom Art for Businesses Have a ton of family photographs you want to hang up? Have a lot of small art that needs to be grouped together for more impact? Learn the secrets used by interior designers to create beautiful wall groupings. Get the details here: 101 Ways to Dress a Naked Wall Need personalized help? If you live in the Los Angeles or Orange County area of Southern California, you can get help for your home immediately without spending a small fortune for consultation and solutions. Get the details here: Personalized Consultation Services Would you like to get an unexpected check in the mail? Now you can get paid simply for referring our websites to your friends, relatives, acquaintances. We pay royalties on two levels. Get the details here: Money in Your Mailbox |All graphics, logos, advertisements and promotions are Copyright Barbara Jennings 2002-2006|Any questions 888-Eat-Garlic 888-328-4275 or 408-842-5649 Danger Men Cooking for the guys 888-Eat-Garlic 888-328-4275 Great gifts for the men and boys in your life. Think graduation gifts to make him smile and you grin. Birthdays, anniversaries fathers day is coming up soon. The Garlic Shoppe 4310 Monterey Highway Gilroy CA 95020 Highways 101 & 25 888-Eat-Garlic 888-328-4275 408-842-5649After hearing loads of good reviews of Parklife from previous years I checked out the line up and decided to get tickets for my partner & I for our anniversary. To VIP or not to VIP was the only question!? Although I was tempted by the description of luxury loos & the cocktail bar I decided to ‘slum it’ with the £69.50 tickets saving us £29 each. With chart topping acts such as ‘Disclosure’, ‘DJ Fresh’, ‘Rita Ora’, ‘Example’ and many many more on the set lists we were excited to say the least! So when we woke on the morning of June 8th to blazing sunshine looking set to stay for the weekend we knew we were in for a treat!! With sunglasses, straw hats and plenty of cash in toe we arrived at 12pm on Saturday and headed straight for the bar, of course. £4.60 for a small Kopperberg and £3.50 for a bottle Corrs’ was expensive but not more than what I was expecting for a festival. We familiarised ourselves with all 5 stages and checked out everything on offer, you could purchase a variety of different foods, even for vegetarians and there were all sorts on offer for sale, from blow up dolls to wacky hats or clothing. What really got me excited was the log flume which I later managed to talk the others into riding with me... Great idea Hayley... Now we are soaking and freezing because it’s almost 8pm and the sun has gone to bed ready for tomorrow! Oops. We had a crazy roller coaster of a weekend with lots of fun, and we were surprised that the loo’s weren’t actually too bad! We danced, like no one was watching. We sang, badly. We drank, a LOT. But most of all we laughed, hard. If I had to say anything bad about my Parklife experience it would be that I spent £6 on a programme that was printed incorrectly which meant I missed 2 of my favourite acts. That, and thier seemingly relaxed approach to drugs; Parklife Officials selling ‘Poppers’ like its candy was a bit too much for my liking. Overall we had a fantastic time, there were great activities going on around the site, such as sumo suit wrestling, but for me it was really the weather, the music & the company that made it so good. I’m glad we went, and perhaps we will see Parklife again next year?? Thank you guys for a great weekend! Please note this is not a paid review, it is solely my own opinion. Thanks.Slouch knit tee | ASOS Jacket and necklace | Agnès b Pants | Pull & Bear Shoes | Kookai One of the most amazing sunsets I've seen in Singapore. Love this hooded jacket, it's slightly oversized (even the hood is huge, just the way I love my hoods) and has side pockets. Made up of mixed fabrics, it makes a printless black hoody was less boring. Texture-play. Easy to throw on over a well-fitted pair of jeans and one of my favourite slouch knit tee (which I have in as many colours as I could get my hands on).From the Marine-L mailing list come the FIRST indication that all is not right with the Basilisk called STCW 95! "On Monday 08 April 2002 05:51 am, LEMSCHOUT wrote: > but within a few weeks the problem is fixed, at least before some > of us realize that they develop a new ganglion or a real cancer. the danger may reduce as all efforts underway to prohibit these chicken concentration camps, but not because of your health, the concern here more with the chicken :-) > which I doubt as I suspect that many Western training institutes are > drastically lowering their standard in order to be 'competitive'. Looking at both options, resume high quality training, it is not going to be much of a future prospect for the young generation to work at salary levels for cheaply trained staff. Doing cheap training, they are not going to have the options taking up a position ashore. Isn't going to take much time and shore companies will have figured out the real value of STCW95. Those students got 40 years of work ahead of them. It is not going to be attractive having no options. Some schools will try to survive by endless STCW95 short term courses, but as the volume of students to decrease, you will see them doing what most of them did already, to close down. > respect the legal working hours and rest period, refusing eventually > to carry out extra paperwork (not yet included in the nice forms prepared > for the purpose to check working time). You read the news, 16% of accidents caused by fatigue. Also a nice article about Technology :-) Of course the PSC does control that the resthours had been maintained by checking those duly prepared forms. If they really would check and compare with the logbooks, alarm logs, I wouldn't be too surprised when finding vessels where based on these sheets nobody on the bridge while manoeuvring on the river or oil transfer operations without any engineer :-) > Keeping in mind his watchkeeping duties, as the IMO want, he could even be > slow to pick up the GMDSS phone when he is on duty in dense traffic as Mike > has just suggested! While you had double the crew, if someone failed was someone to take over. 4 eyes did saw more than 2. You had 2 persons on duty, they less likely to fall asleep than having only 1. Automation and electronic is good in way of additional security if something has been overlooked, also faster, but should not substitute the man and his qualification. Any chief may tell you, if something weird on the screen, check the sensor first. The truth behind STCW95 the shortage of officers. These figures had been well known and was no secret at all that it would get short. While making less qualification acceptable you increased the pool of available officers. Instead of doing the more reasonable thing, making the job more attractive they all supported this white wash operation. A lot of countries should not have entered the white list, but miraculously they did. To make things worse, crewing agents had filters as known things not to be in the best state. Those filters might have had some large holes to meet the demand. Now anything can pass and nobody can blame them, all internationally accepted by STCW95. STCW95 isn't going to reduce problems, even the ISM Code not going to be of much help when the experience is missing. In last years they had been promoting like hell just to fill the gap. Licenses had been upgraded already for some time, increasing size of vessel and horsepower. STCW95 was just another step into the same direction. They wanted it that way. Remember the old times where a mate had to become something like 60 prior being promoted to master? But that was when the job was still somehow attractive and you still had a lot of young people joining the profession. If the job more attractive, might have had enough staff, companies for sure would select the best and absolute no need here for any STCW95 and it's white wash operations. But same like with the eggs, better eggs do cost more. As long as the customer isn't prepared to invest more, they for sure not going to expect quality eggs for the price of cheap ones. Eventually they may, as top licenses had been downgraded to STCW95. But not for a long time, because nobody to continue producing quality eggs to sell them at the price of cheap ones. > this week-end it was more than true with the first suicide of a SABENA pilot > who was still out of job several month after the bankruptcy of the company. So far all terrorists entered the US by air. The US is however more concerned that terrorists may take the risk of a STCW95 passage. Arabs hate the sea. In a lot of drug cases I do suspect already involvement of the crew to improve their salary. I am only wondering if it might not happen that one day a suicidal master to blow up his gas tanker in response to STCW95 and excessive administration, cheap crew. Totally weird?Maine Voices: Maine must be mindful of protecting marijuana as a cottage industry – Press Herald I have had the pleasure of talking with both Diane Russell, Democratic state representative for Portland’s Munjoy Hill neighborhood, and David Boyer, Maine political director at the Marijuana Policy Project, the nation’s largest marijuana policy reform organization. Although these conversations were separate, many themes were echoed. The main topic of discussion was the future of the recreational cannabis industry in Maine and how anticipated legislation would determine the laws and regulations within the industry. My interest in the recreational cannabis industry is financial. I am a finance student at the University of New Hampshire with a passion for business enterprise. The medical and recreational marijuana industry already has a significant tailwind and enormous development potential, hallmarks of a growth industry. An examination of the impact of any future laws on the structure and availability of opportunity in the industry is crucial for investment. Of the topics discussed, the most vital was the following: If and when a legalization bill or citizens’ initiative passes, will it create laws with the intention of limiting or expanding large corporations already heavily invested in the Maine medical marijuana marketplace? And how will such restrictions affect the cottage industry of medical and recreational marijuana production in the state? Boyer and Russell were both ambiguous on the subject. They insisted that limitations most likely will be present, whether through the number of plants, the amount of space or another metric. The logic of establishing this type of regulation is equally ambiguous. Importantly, it was unclear whether or not the opportunity would remain for anyone to enter the cottage industry side of this marketplace. Large out-of-state organizations and money have considerable presence in Maine and have played a significant role in the expansion of medical marijuana availability. To what extent pressures from these organizations will adversely affect a growing cottage industry is a concern. Mainers will need clarity on this issue if a referendum is placed before them in the future. The existing medical marijuana market in Maine is a vital cottage industry that has provided income to Mainers throughout the state. In like comparison with the microbrewery industry, an industry heavily regulated by the federal Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives, both large and small business investment is present. There is no question that the recreational marijuana market will require regulation. License qualifications and product quality standards are just some ...Read MoreSunday, October 11, 2009 Everyday Matters Group Challenge #4 Draw A Cup Watercolor Journal I would drool over this very expensive girly girl pattern at the big mall stores. Knew there was no way I could ever afford it. Then found it at Sam's Club greatly reduced. As I was writing about this in the above watercolor journal this scripture came to me "Delight thyself also in the Lord, and He shall give thee the desires of thine heart." Psalm 37:4.I guess children aren't the future, after all. I fear they are just getting started. What happens when they start telling you that you can only have one child per family. Europeans don't seem to mind breeding themselves out of existence, but when even that is no longer enough, what then? Of course our overlords have a master plan, so that's reassuring.Made a cheesecake last week from Jamie's new book where he travels around america. Jenny reckons its the best cheesecake she has ever eaten. It is pretty delicious and isn't as stodgy as normal cheesecake, and there is still a piece left in our fridge (most of it disappeared when I was away in Genoa). 350g digestive biscuits 120g unsalted butter, melted 900g light or low-fat cream cheese, softened (important that its light or low fat) 150g caster sugar 5 large eggs juice of 6 limes (c. 125 ml) finely grated zest of lime for meringue topping 3 large egg whites 110g caster sugar 40g desiccated coconut Preheat oven to 160C and grease 24cm loose-bottomed cake tin. Put biscuits into a food processor and whiz until they are fine crumbs. Mix in melted butter. Spread biscuit mixture around the base of greased tin and press it with your hands to pack it down. Place the tin on a baking sheet and op it into the fridge while you make the filling. Whiz the cream cheese in a food processor until smooth. Then gradually add sugar. Add eggs one at a time, mixing well after each. Pour in the lime juice and whiz again until just combined (mixture might be quite thin, but thats the way its supposed to be). Tip it over your chilled biscuit base, spread it evenly and bake for 45 to 55 minutes (you want the cheesecake to have a slight loose wobble). Remove from the oven and set aside for 15 minutes to cool slightly. Turn the oven up to 220C. To make the meringue topping, put your egg whites into a clean bowl and beat until they form soft peaks. Gradually add the caster sugar and beat until thick and glossy. Finally, fold in the coconut. Spoon meringue mixture on to the middle of the cooled cheesecake and spread it to the edges. Bake in oven for 5 mins (until meringue is golden and crisp). Let it cool down, then place it in the fridge for a few hours to chill before serving. We also added whipped cream to the top (I agree this is pretty decadent... but it was good!). Price 5/10 (0 being cheap and 10 being expensive) Difficulty 5/10 (0 being easy and 10 being difficult) Tastiness 10/10 (0 being disgusting and 10 being tasty)It's tough at the top. John Hourican, the man who took the rap for Royal Bank of Scotland’s part in the Libor-rigging scandal, has claimed he was focused on rescuing a 'bust bank', not checking data submitted to the rate-fixing panel. The London Evening Standard reports that Hourican, who headed RBS’s investment bank, also said he did not think 'data submission to a trade association was a high-risk part of what we were running'. He added: 'We had a bust bank with a trillion-pound balance sheet that needed to be managed.' The resignation in January of Hourican followed 'long discussions' with Stephen Hester, RBS’s former chief executive. The bank was fined $638.4m by regulators in the UK and US. Hourican has since been appointed CEO of the failed Bank of Cyprus. He remains friends with Hester, who was ousted by Chancellor George Osborne in June. 'Stephen was a fantastic chief executive, and I believe that the company would have been better-served in retaining him', he said. 'He is a loss to the company because he was a very good chief executive at a very difficult time. Whoever gets Stephen will be very lucky'. To access the complete London Evening Standard article hit the link belowSatellite imagery shows how palm oil plantations are displacing peatlands–at tremendous cost to the climate. The picture of Southeast Asia’s deforestation is coming into greater focus. Scientists have developed a new satellite-imaging technique that allows them to have a better bird’s eye view of when carbon-rich peatlands were cleared and to what extent they have been replaced by palm oil trees. The work, which depends on a blend of satellite images, marks the first attempt to systematically quantify carbon loss from peatland destruction across the region and directly tie it to oil-palm expansion. Published yesterday in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, the study found that about 6 percent of carbon-rich peatlands in Peninsular Malaysia and the islands of Borneo and Sumatra were cleared to make way for oil-palm plantations by the early 2000s. In the process, about 3 percent of forest-dwelling birds across the region were lost and massive quantities of carbon were released from clearing peatlands, according to the authors’ estimates. By last year, the study concluded, an area in Southeast Asia roughly the size of New Jersey had been felled of its forests. Whether or not those lands will become palm oil plantations remains unknown. Historically, such lands have been cleared to expand lucrative palm oil plantations or expand pulp and paper businesses. The satellite images that were culled to form composite images of the area can only pick up well-established palm oil plantations that are at least eight years old due to the 250-meter resolution. More complete information could be drawn from satellite images with greater resolution, but those high-resolution images would not allow for such a large-scale image of the landscape, the study explains. Maps that reveal new palm oil plantations “We envisage that our mapping method provides a cost-effective means to monitor future oil-palm expansion across the tropics by remapping any landscape on a regular basis,” said study author Lian Pin Koh, a tropical ecologist with the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology. The work will provide more nuanced mapping of deforestation in the region, helping researchers and policymakers move away from being as dependent on costly in-person surveys to monitor forest clearing. - Biofuel-Harvesting Palm Oil Plantations Drive CO2 Levels Higher (fastcompany.com) - Malaysia Rapidly Destroying Ecologically Important Peatlands (ecoworld.com) - Green: Malaysian Forest Ebbing at Rapid Rate, Report Says (green.blogs.nytimes.com) - Malaysia rapidly destroying forests for palm oil: group (scientificamerican.com) - Is Cargill Behind a New Palm Oil Greenwashing Campaign? (news.change.org) - Possible breakthrough: Indonesian palm oil giant pledges zero deforestation (grist.org) - Malaysia destroying its forests three times faster than all Asia combined (telegraph.co.uk) - Girl Scouts pledge: Limit palm oil in cookies (msnbc.msn.com)An olive oil and grapefruit liver cleanse is a homeopathic remedy used to cleanse the gallbladder of gallstones. Known alternatively as a gallbladder cleanse, gallbladder flush or liver flush, the treatment is supposed to break up and clear out gallstones from your system. There is no scientific proof, however, that this remedy works. Talk to your doctor before you try any type of cleanse. The olive oil and grapefruit liver cleanse involves drinking grapefruit juice and olive oil. The olive oil and grapefruit juice concoction is supposed to work to break up gallstones that are blocking your gallbladder. These disintegrated gallstones are then supposed to be released in your stool. According to Dr. Michael F. Picco, a gastroenterologist at the Mayo Clinic, olive oil has laxative properties, but no sound proof exists that olive oil and grapefruit juice provide the effect to rid your body of gallstones. Performing an olive oil and grapefruit liver cleanse may cause unwanted side effects, including nausea, diarrhea and vomiting, as well as abdominal pain. Some gallbladder cleanses add herbs to the olive oil and grapefruit mixture. These herbs may cause side effects of their own. Before you try this or any other homemade cleanse, research the possible effects of all ingredients they contain and consult with a medical professional. A substance in grapefruit -- D-limonene -- may help dissolve gallstones, according to an article published in the “Alternative Medicine Review” in September 2007. According to the article’s author, J. Sun, the D-limonene found in grapefruit oil has properties that work to dissolve cholesterol. Sun says that since gallstones contain cholesterol, the D-limonene in grapefruit oil may be able to break down and help dissolve gallstones. More research is needed to determine whether Sun's theory holds up to clinical evidence. If you're taking birth control pills, do not attempt an olive oil and grapefruit liver cleanse. Combining grapefruit with birth control pills puts you at increased risk for developing gallbladder disease, including gallstones and inflammation of your gallbladder. Combining grapefruit with birth control pills also increases your risk of developing blood clots and liver tumors and suffering a stroke or heart attack. Grapefruit can increase your risk of side effects with other drugs, including calcium channel blockers, statins, antidepressants and anti-anxiety drugs, so consult your doctor before combining grapefruit with any medications.I‘m not a “woo-woo” Pagan. When someone tells me they can chat with their cat on the astral plane, I may be nodding politely while actually thinking they need a mental health check up. People who resort to magic for every little thing annoy me, and I secretly think that sometimes magic is just an excuse to shop. Metaphysical stores smell good and are full of pretties. I get that. I have no interest in books of spells, in talking about candle magic or joining any of those “Spell-A-Day” e-mail lists. I’m a grump and no-fun. I acknowledge and embrace this. It might be thought from this blog that I don’t even believe in or practice magic. Yet I do. Magic works, and if you have any sense in your head, that should scare the faery dust right out of you. I was part of a ritual last night that involved magic that literally blew me away. It’s already achieving it’s aim and for that I’m very grateful. Here are some things about magic that I believe are true from my experiences: - Working with energy regularly is important. Working magic is not. You work out at the gym to get strong, but that doesn’t mean you get in ninja fights every day. - The Gods have little to do with magic. They get annoyed when you invoke them in a spell. You wouldn’t ask Queen Elizabeth to scrub your toilet, so why would you call on a God for something as petty as a money spell? - Magic is a human thing. It’s what humans do. It doesn’t involve the Gods, the fey, your cat or guardian angels. Therefore, magic works best when it’s based on human’s working with natural energy. - A successful working does not equate a successful outcome. I once performed a very successful spell but failed to capitalize on it’s manifestation. Before magic, chop wood/carry water. After magic, chop wood/carry water. - Energy matters. Where the energy comes from matters. Sometimes a group of strangers can produce a powerful amount of energy. Sometimes energy from different people doesn’t mesh well. I’ve been completely blown away and astounded by the energy produced by a small handful of Witches working in concert. - Traditional magical teachings have a lot of value. I was a solitary eclectic for almost a decade and experimented a lot. Traditional forms worked best for me then, traditional Craft training is teaching far more than I expected now. - Focusing on spiritual growth, values, community and character builds magical muscles you didn’t know you had. Think “wax on/wax off” from The Karate Kid. Working spells is a slow way to become an adept. Focusing on the spiritual, on your Will, on The Great Work, or whatever your tradition calls the ongoing spiritual transformation you are involved in, is the best way to become a better magician. You are the ultimate magical instrument, so being the best you can be is magically important. Magic is a controversial subject in some Pagan communities, and the only subject in others. I subs
cribe to the belief that the Gods help those who help themselves. Magic is a tool humans have available to them. It should be used, and used appropriately. It should be respected because it works. When it’s not your primary goal or focus in Witchcraft, it’s quite an awe-inspiring experience. It is but one part of the whole of existence, and like anything else, shines best in it’s proper perspective. I’ve raised cones of power before. It had always been in the form of a willing sacrifice: I raised the energy and gave it to others to use and direct. Last night, I had a cone of power “dropped” on me. It’s not an experience I would go through again without a profound need, because magic works. When you think on that short phrase, those two small words in conjunction, it gives you cause to pause. Think about it. Magic works.For more information, please contact Celeste Ridgway at firstname.lastname@example.org or his current foster mom, Mary Amoroso, email@example.com. This mature boy sounds as though he’d make an excellent family companion. We’ve recently become foster parents to “Mr. Cool,” a wonderful Chesapeake Bay Retriever. Mr. Cool is so mellow that the cats at the Ohio Valley Humane Society shelter would sleep on top of him when he stayed in their front office.SHANGHAI • Shanghai sweltered with its hottest day in 145 years yesterday. The city's temperature hit a new record high of 40.9 deg C, the authorities said as they issued a weather "red alert" over a stubborn heatwave that has plagued much of the country. Hospitals in the city have reported increased numbers of patients suffering from heat-related illnesses, according to state media, and the Shanghai zoo said it was putting large blocks of ice into some animal enclosures to help them beat the heat, while providing frozen apples to its pandas. China's most populous city has been baking under soaring summer temperatures for over two weeks and yesterday afternoon reached the hottest point since the establishment of its benchmark weather station in 1872, the municipal weather bureau said. Other areas of China also have seen records set in recent weeks, in what has been a torrid summer so far for much of the country, while large areas of south-central China have endured raging floods from torrential rain. Get The Straits Times newsletters in your inbox Shanghai's "red alert" - the first this year - is triggered when temperatures in excess of 40 deg C are forecast and comes with a warning to citizens to keep cool and avoid too much time outdoors, especially children, the elderly and the sick. It also puts the authorities on heightened alert against fires breaking out and advises special care with perishable foods to prevent spoilage and bacteria. Shanghai is getting hotter - the previous record of 40.8 degrees was set only in 2013, and eight of the 12 highest temperatures reached over the past century were recorded in the last five years, according to the city weather bureau. China's most populous city has baked under soaring summer temperatures for more than two weeks and yesterday afternoon reached the hottest point since the establishment of its benchmark weather station in 1872, the municipal weather bureau said. People are losing their cool, said the state-run Shanghai Daily. Shanghai has "seen a spike in accidental injuries, triggered by fights or traffic accidents, as people are more easily irritated in the extreme heat and failing to exercise proper judgment", it said yesterday. Even dogs are on edge, according to a state media report this week that said the heatwave has coincided with a rise in dog bites. Shanghai's weather bureau said on Thursday that a stubborn subtropical high and hot south-westerly winds were to blame and that the city will continue to bake at least until early August when typhoon season begins and the weather begins to shift.It’s finally dawning on me that if I want to find something new and interesting to wear (for any purpose really), I only need to dig deeper into the recesses of my perfume collection and I’ll be sure to find something that fits. I know why I skipped this one, I thought it might be similar to Black March which I love to smell but can’t wear so I just didn’t feel the need to try Under the Arbor. That is, until a few days ago while on the lookout for spring scents. If I imagine sitting under the arbor (I’m not imagining the grape one which was the starting point for this one), I’d imagine sitting in the shade of a large tree, on a bed of grass, enjoying the warmth of the sun safely away from its rays and smelling the nature around me. Under the Arbor doesn’t transport me there actually. And definitely not into a summer day. It starts for me smelling of bark and grass in the morning, when it doesn’t smell sweet but more earthy. I didn’t realize it until this one came along, that when spring comes, I need scents that are grounding and not too exuberant as spring is exuberant itself, so I need something to temper that and make me feel alive at the same time. And what better way to do that then bring one into contact with nature? Notes: crushed grape leaves, weathered wood, green moss, cool earth At some point it reminded me a bit of Black March due to the whole earthy vibe but while I can’t wear the earthiness that is Black March, I can wear this one. Because even though it doesn’t transport me into a summer day under the arbor, it does something even better. As the perfume progressed, I got the distinct feeling that the sun was gaining height and the spring air around me started warming and with it the sweetness of air got stronger. It is as if you sat under that arbor in the relative spring coolness of the morning and reclined there in the peace of nature while the sun kept rising and warming your little spring paradise. Honestly, that is one of the better experiences you can smell bottled. 🙂The world's largest bells. Bell terminology. Famous bell museums. The Peterglocke. Liberty Bell. Big Ben. Pummerin Bell. King Seongdeok Bell. World Peace Bell. Mingun Bell. The Tsar Bell. The Lutine Bell. Sounds of a bell. Parts of a bell. A bell is a percussion instrument known as an idiophone. Bells have been used for hundreds of years as an instrument of warning, to gain attention or as a call to prayer. A bell is a percussion instrument known as an idiophone - an instrument which creates sound by way of vibration. Bells can be made from many types of materials, but the larger ones featured in this article are generally made from forged metal, usually bronze. Bells can create sound by way of a clapper that is housed within the body of the bell that strikes the housing interior, which can be done by hand or by way of being suspended from a yoke. A bell can also create sound by way of being struck on the outside of the bell housing with another instrument, which can be done either by hand or mechanically. PARTS OF A BELL. 1) YOKE. 2 ) CROWN. 3 ) HEAD. 4 ) SHOULDER. 5 ) WAIST. 6 ) SOUND RING. 7 ) LIP. 8 ) MOUTH. 9 ) CLAPPER. 10 ) BEAD LINE. SOUNDS OF A BELL. CHIME - A set of bells tuned diatronically. PEAL - A group of two or more swinging bells. TOLL - A single bell rang in slow repetition. THE LUTINE BELL AT LLOYDS OF LONDON Famous sounding bells of the world are Big Ben in the Clock Tower of the Palace of Westminster London UK, which is world reknowned for it's hourly chime and The Lutine Bell, also in London UK, housed in the Underwriting Room at Lloyds of London Insurance Company headquarters, which is rang in times of international disaster, when a ship sinks at sea or when a member of the British Royal Family dies. THE WORLD'S FIVE LARGEST BELLS. Image courtesy of dino, wikimedia commons. 1 THE TSAR BELL. Is the world's largest bell situated in Kremlin Square, Moscow, Russia. The great bell does not ring as it was broken during a fire in 1737. Manufactured between 1733 and 1735 the huge bell, cast from bronze and weighing 216 tons, is 20 foot high and 21 wide, infact so large is this bell, that it was once used as a chapel, with the broken piece used as a door opening. Image courtesy of Hintha, wikimedia commons. 2 THE MINGUN BELL. The world's second largest bell is situated in Mingun, Myanmar and was manufactured between 1808 and 1810. The bell is 12 foot high and has a diameter of 16 foot and weighs 90 tons. The bell does not house a clapper, but creates sound by way of being struck on it's exterior. Image courtesy of Absoblogginlutely, wikimedia commons. 3 WORLD PEACE BELL. Situated in Millenium Park, Newport, Kentucky and is one of 20 Peace Bells situated around the world. The 33 ton copper cast bell is the world's largest swinging bell and the world's third largest bell by size. It was manufactured in 1998 in France and shipped to the USA by boat, then transported to Kentucky by river boat. It's first ring was made to see in the new millenium in 2000. 4 KING SEONGDEOK BELL. Possibly one of the world's oldest bells, this bell located at The National Museum in Gyeongji, in South Korea is 3.3 metres high, with a diameter of 2.27 metres and weighs 18.9 tons and cast from bronze. The bell was manufactured between 765 and 771, during the reign of the king after which it was named, King Seongdeok, but he never lived to see it completed. 5 THE PUMMERIN BELL. Cast in 1951 from metal obtained from captured Turkish canons, the bell located at the Stephensdom Cathedral in Vienna, Austria weighs 130 kgs, is 3.14 metres tall and has a diameter of 2.94, and is the world's third largest swinging bell and the world's fifth largest bell by size. Due to it's great weight the bell is only rang on high days and holidays and it's electrical swing mechanism is controlled by computer. OTHER LARGE BELLS. image courtesy of Randal.J. wikimedia commons. The world's largest carillon bell ( www.carillons.org ) is situated at the Stephen Foster Folk and Culture Centre at the State Park in White Springs, Florida, USA, which contains 97 bells. The world's largest group of change ringing bells are situated at Liverpool's Anglican Cathedral, UK, which are made up of 13 bells surrounding a large 16 ton main bell ( Big George ) which are set into concrete ( the first bells in the world to be made so ) and housed 67 metres above ground, making them the highest set of bells in the world too. The world's largest, horizontally mounted, free swinging, ringable bell is situated in the south tower of Cologne Cathedral in Germany and is known as the Peterglocke. The giant bell weighs 24,000 kg and has a diameter of 322 cm. The world's heaviest bell is the Good Luck bell situated at the Foquan Temple, Pingdingshan, China, weighing 255,200 lbs or 115,757 kgs. The UK's five largest bells are 1) Big Paul, housed in St Paul's Cathedral, London, 2) Big George, housed in Liverpool's Anglican Cathedral, 3) Big Ben at the Tower of Westminster, London, 4) Great Tom, located at Tom Tower, Christ Church, Oxford and 5) Little John situated in the Clock Tower of Nottingham Council Offices, Nottingham. This bell is also the deepest toned bell in the UK and can be heard further than any other bell in the country. Image courtesy of Tonythemisfit, wikimedia commons. THE WORLD'S MOST ICONIC BELL, AMERICA'S LIBERTY BELL SITUATED IN PHILEDELPHIA, PENNSYLVANIA. FAMOUS BELL MUSEUMS. The Whitechapel Bell Foundry Museum, Whitechapel, London, UK. Liberty Bell Museum, Philedelphia, Pennsylvania, USA. Ancient Bell Museum, Dazhong Temple, Haidan, China. The Bell Museum, Gescher, Germany. BRITAIN'S MOST FAMOUS, BUT NOT LARGEST BELL, BIG BEN. BELFRY - A tower which contains one or more bells generally built as part of a church. CAMPANOLOGIST - A bell ringer. CAMPANOLOGY - The study of bells. CAMPANOLOGY - The art of bell ringing. CAMPANILE - A free standing bell tower. CARILLON - A set of many bells worked mechanically to create a musical peal ( www.carillons.org). CHANGE RINGING - The art of ringing a set of tuned bells in a mathematical pattern called changes. RING OF BELLS - A set of bells hung for the purpose of change ringing.Sometimes written as ring o bells, peal bells or English style bells. MORE WORLD'S LARGEST ARTICLES. © D.B.Bellamy.October, 2010.Logging 100+ miles per month for months in a row may be the hardest part of training for a marathon, and the part that most people focus on. But I think the final days leading up to a big race also offer valuable opportunities to ensure maximum preparation come race day. A few days ago (technically last year!) I posted about my marathon must-haves. In addition to packing these essentials, here are my personal strategies for ensuring a smooth race day. For me, for example, I’m running in the 2017 Walt Disney World Marathon this coming Sunday, January 8th, which, at time of writing, is less than six days away. So in preparation a few days before a big race, I recommend the following: Make a list! It is so, so, so easy to forget something incidental that you might need on race day. For example, in all the half marathons and full marathons I’ve done, I’ve always forgotten to bring a large garbage bag to the start line. If you’re not familiar with this tactic, depending on the locale and weather, many runners will cut arm and head holes into a large Hefty bag to wear when waiting around at the starting line. This is because many large races require runners to line up in their corrals as much as an hour ahead of start time, which is often in the cooler pre-dawn hours. Once you’re running you’ll warm up, but if you’re standing dead still at 4 o’clock in the morning in 40 degree mist, it’s not so pleasant. A garbage bag is a cheap way to stay (somewhat) warm and dry while waiting for the gun to go off. Anyway, this time I actually remembered to add it to my packing list! Check it twice! Sorry, lol. Couldn’t help myself with a cheesy Christmas joke. (Get it? Make a list ... check it twice?) Study the course map and elevation profile. This is a tip I had heard when I first seriously got into long distance running, but I never really took it to heart because I kind of always thought “eh, what difference can it make?” Once I finally started running enough to repeat races, I realized what a positive impact knowing the course ahead of time can make, both mentally and physically. Studying just a snippet of the map shown above, I can already mentally brace myself for a tough mental battle during miles 14 through 18: parking lot, road, nothing, nothing, nothing, and more nothing. And those are the miles in a marathon where I’ve run far enough to start feeling a little fatigued, but not far enough to feel like the end is in sight. Start adjusting your sleep schedule This of course only applies if you are running a race that will require you to be at the start line long before your normal wake-up call. I’m an early riser, but having to wake up at 1:30 in the morning to have time to get ready and board a bus to EPCOT is going to be no fun, so I am trying to force myself to continually go to bed earlier and wake up earlier in these last few days leading up to the race. Relax and have fun! I know it’s hard to relax before a big race, but just remember that the work has been done, so now it’s time to sit back, relax, get plenty of sleep, and stay hydrated.At the time, Canada was only about to celebrate their 100th anniversary. These guys made that anniversary and are ready for more. Flipper Flanagan's Flat-Footed Four — yeah, you know them Thunder Bay if you’re holding this hard copy print version in your hands —will mark their 50th anniversary as a band tonight at the Magnus Theatre. Fayetteville Police have arrested four people this week connection with secret peeping and related charges for an incident that happened January 21.Details of the investigation were not released Friday.John Christopher Nagy II, 21, of Fort Bragg, was arrested Thursday. Organizations of all types and sizes require a safe environment for employees and customers. In no place is this more critical than schools, universities and hospitals; institutions whose entire mission and livelihood depends on providing a safe and nurturing environment for students, patients and visitors, as well as faculty and staff. It really begins with who you hire and place in a position of trust. Yet, at the same time, today’s economic climate is requiring everyone to control costs. Muck Rack makes it simple to find people, tweets, or articles that mention any name, keyword, company, hashtag etc. We've compiled this guide to help you make the most of your search. Selecting a term Start searching tweets, articles from media outlets, articles mentioned in tweets, journalists' names, titles and bios with some suggested searches: Companies or Topics (e.g. iPhone, Microsoft) Phrases (e.g. "cloud computing") — use quotes to keep the terms together Twitter handles (e.g. @username) — returns those who have mentioned or replied to Names (e.g. "David Pogue") Hashtags (e.g. #sxsw, #london2012) Bio details (e.g. vegan, Olympics, father) Muck Rack's Advanced Search allows for many boolean operators. Find results that mention multiple specified terms, use AND or +. For example, ensure each result contains both Elon Musk and Mark Zuckerberg by searching Obama AND Romney or Obama + Romney. Use the operators OR or , to broaden your search when you'd like either of multiple terms to appear in results. (This is the default behavior of our search when no operators are used.) For example, search for democrat OR republican to find results that refer to Democrats and/or Republicans. Use NOT or - to subtract results from your search. For example, searching Disney will yield results about the Walt Disney Company as well as Walt Disney World Resort. To exclude mentions of Disney World, search for Disney -World or Disney When using one of these operators with a phrase, enclose it in quotation marks. For example, you can find results about smartphones excluding Apple's iPhone 4S by searching smartphone -"iPhone Exact case matching or punctuation If you're searching for a brand name or keyword that relies on specific punctuation marks or capitalization, you can find results that match your exact query by adding matchcase: before the keyword you're searching for, like matchcase:E*TRADE . Use parentheses to separate multiple boolean phrases. For example, to find journalists talking about having fun in Disney World or Disneyland, search for ("disney world" OR disneyland) AND fun. An asterisk can be used to search for any variation of a root word truncated by the asterisk. For example, searching for admin* will return results for administrator, administration, administer, administered, etc. A near operator is an AND operator where you can control the distance between the words. You can vary the distance the near operation uses by adding a forward slash and number (between 0-99) such as strawberries NEAR/10 "whipped cream", which means the strawberries must exist within 10 words of "whipped cream".The hotel is suitable for sportsmen. This accommodation offers a fast internet connection. There is a bar inside the hotel. The Hotel Caribbean World Nabeul offers a laundry service. The accommodation has a car rental service. The accommodation is suitable for those who love shopping. Hotel Caribbean World Nabeul B.P No 194 - 8000 - Nabeul, Tunisia View Map - Jump to: Entirely air-conditioned, the hotel consists of 2-storey main building sea side or garden view, offering 181 rooms, and 92 bungalows situated within the verdant garden, and offers its guests several restaurants, and 2 snack bars and 2 bars in the hotel and near pools. Also at guests disposal are 2 outdoor pools and 1 separated pool for children, terraces with sunshades and deckchairs. - Fitness Center - Internet Point - Laundry Service - Car Renting - High Speed Modem - Satellite TV - Alarm Clock The rooms of the Hotel Caribbean World Nabeul offer a fast internet connection. The hotel offers a wake up service for guests. The latest booking made on Hotelsclick.com was 1 minutes ago x2 Cents Worth Down Under. Explore everything from Ballet & Boyz, to People & Pop with me. With a healthy dose of gorgeous lads. Oh.. and some Wonder Woman! These are sure a very hot collection of DICKS! Only the best here at 2CWDU QH - you should know that by now :)We please to aim.... aim to please.. to please aim... oh you get what I mean.... You sure do! They are all so hot...Thank you. Post a CommentCheckout the latest updates to Instagram Stories! Instagram has finally followed in Facebook’s footsteps and come up with its own version of LIVE broadcasting! LIVE Stories are ephemeral and disappear the moment you stop filming, which is an interesting twist on live video. Instagram has also come up with a very Snapchat-esque private messaging system for Stories. Send your photo or video Stories to one or many particular followers: the Stories will disappear after they’ve watched them! Watch this week’s News Report to see what it’s all about! We’d love to know how you’ll be using these new features, be it for business or pleasure! Let us know in the comments!Recipe from MIX Magazine & created by Timothy Wastell of Firehouse 1 smoked pork shank 2 fresh bay leaves 4 1/2 quarts cold water 2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil, plus more for drizzling 2 1/2 cups Bluebird Grain Farms farro 1 sweet onion, diced 2 cloves garlic, smashed 1/2 cup dry white wine 1 bunch lacinato kale, stems removed, sliced Freshly ground black pepper Place pork shank and bay leaves in a medium pot. Cover with cold water and bring to a boil over medium-high heat. Reduce heat to a simmer, add a large pinch of salt and cook for 45 minutes, or until the meat separates easily from the bone. Remove bay leaves and discard. Remove shank from cooking liquid and pick the meat off the bones while it is still warm. Discard bones and reserve the warm liquid. Heat the olive oil in a wide, heavy-bottomed pot set over medium heat. Add the farro and stir, coating the grains with the oil and toasting them gently for about 1-1/2 minutes. Add the onion and garlic and sauté for another two minutes, being careful not to let them color. Add the white wine and cook until almost completely evaporated. Begin adding the reserved warm shank cooking liquid, 1/2 cup at a time, stirring occasionally and letting the grains absorb the liquid before adding more. When almost all of the liquid has been added and the grain is cooked but still pleasantly chewy, add the shank meat, kale and the rest of the stock. Continue cooking just until the kale has wilted and the mixture is cohesive. Adjust seasoning with salt and pepper to taste, drizzle with olive oil and serve immediately.We all know that Alberta has long been a conservative province but I wonder, are we still as conservative as we used to be? Our track record at the polling station, would certainly say yes, but does that still apply? Our last provincial election saw only 40% of eligible Albertans voting, and while that does tell me that the majority of active voters are small-c conservative, what do the inactive 60% think? Based on the numbers of the 2008 election I think it would be more accurate to classify Alberta’s current leading political ideology as apolitical rather than conservative. In 2008 right-of-centre parties (PCs and the Wild Rose) made up about 60% of
the 950,363 votes. (565,470 votes for all you detail freaks.) Left-of-centre and centrist parties (everyone else) managed 384,893 votes for about 40% of the popular vote. Alberta had 2,252,104 eligible voters in 2008, which means 1.3 million Albertans did not vote and that record low turnout was a well-publicized statistic. My math says that in 2008 about 1 in 4 Albertans voted right-of-centre. Does that make it accurate to label Alberta as a conservative province? Is it fair to assume that the political philosophy of Alberta’s non-voters matches that of the voters? Because they don’t vote, do they have any political philosophy at all? Whatever an individual’s reason for not voting, is it fair for we, the active voters, to categorize them as following in our ideologies? Imagine if we tried classifying other aspects of our provincial identity by simplifying the view of 1 in 4 to represent the whole: The sports generalization- “1 in 4 Albertans live in Calgary, therefore, all of Alberta cheers for the Calgary Flames.” The religion generalization- “26% of Albertans are Roman Catholic, therefore, all of Alberta is Roman Catholic.” The geography generalization- “Most Albertans live in cities, therefore, all of Alberta is urban.” Clearly, this is a stupid way to generalize. So, I return to my question, is Alberta still a conservative province? Following the 2008 election, Elections Alberta released a report titled Variation in Turnout by Alberta Electoral Division. A summary says that proportional plurality (how close the race is between first and second place) does not seem to factor into low voter turnout. The report concludes that “other factors” likely determine the low level of voter turnout. What could these other factors possibly be? I can only think of two possible answers, the first being incredible province-wide laziness and the second being a sense of non-representation. Whether perceived or enforced, non-representation is an important issue, especially if it is the paramount political issue for the bulk of our fellow Albertans. If lack of accurate representation is indeed the motivating factor that keeps 60% of our voting population silent, I think political parties would be wise to recognize this as a major political issue in Alberta. We hear campaign promises to spend money on just about everything, how about some promises to spend money on encouraging the democratic process? Politically apathetic populations are breeding grounds for fringe ideologies and extremism. When only a small percentage of people vote, special interest groups gain increased power and democracy can be subverted. Let’s go back to some numbers. When Allison Redford won the PC nomination she won the nomination with 37,101 out of 72,592 votes. When Raj Sherman was elected leader of the Liberals he had a total of 4,684 out of 8,640 votes. Danielle Smith won the Wild Rose leadership by amassing a whopping 6,295 out of 8,200 votes. Glenn Taylor of the Alberta Party won his party leadership with 665 votes out of 1,200 and Brian Mason of the NDP was acclaimed back in 2004. I have to admit the small numbers of votes it took to win the leadership of the Liberals, Wild Rose, NDP and Alberta Party stuns me. My own combined Facebook and Twitter followings come close to rivalling these numbers. Now imagine if Alberta’s student population was politically activated and united. 12,000 at Mount Royal, 25,500 at U of C, 14,000 at S.A.I.T. Add the U of A, U of L and all the other colleges around the province. It seems that there are more than enough voters there to dramatically impact the political landscape. What about the sports fan party? Imagine if all the hockey, football and lacrosse fans united to form a party. Again, there would be more than enough people there to make a claim that they would be the dominant political voice in Alberta. What about an Oil Workers Association Party? Or a United Teachers and Healthcare Workers Party? What about a Secretarial and Administrative Office Staff Party? The numbers are there. The finances could follow. It would seem more than ever, that this provincial election does offer more than one choice to Albertans, right-of-centre parties, left-of-centre parties, centrist parties, if we are still using the old left-right spectrum, well heck, that’s a of a lot of choices. I believe we have good opportunities for a multitude of political ideologies in Alberta. Many of those are surely conservative ones. But, I’m willing to consider that many of them are not. Are we really a conservative province? It’s my hope that on April 23rd, more than 40% of us will answer than question.Spent the week before last with my family in Oregon for my oldest daughter’s wedding, and I wanted to share a handful of my geekiest travel moments. As a backdrop, everything was pretty much a blur leading up to the wedding on Saturday the 5th, plus family gatherings on Sunday, so we mostly stowed our devices. But Monday we had a day to just relax and recreate a bit, followed by a long drive home to Utah, giving our latent digital proclivities a chance to emerge. Netarts Bay: “All your crab are belong to us” Monday morning we ventured out into Netarts Bay with nine family members in two boats in search of crab. Most pitiful crabbing adventure we’ve had in 15 years, yielding... (drumroll please) ...a single keeper. Considering the cost of renting boats, bait, traps, shelfish licenses for the 14-and-older set, this little fella represented the most expensive crab meat on earth, somewhere around $120/pound. On the way home we stopped at the grocery store and bought three more cooked crabs just so we could all enjoy some fresh crab for dinner (and paradoxically lowering the overall cost per pound of the crab meat by a significant amount). The digital moment came when I watched the boat navigated by my oldest son approach about two dozen seals sunning themselves on a sand bar. As the boat approached, my son stood up and began taking pictures with his phone. Maybe the phone camera thing is already vanilla by now, but it still seemed strangely out of place on a crabbing trip, on the bay, with a light fog rising from the water to see the captain of the boat hoisting aloft... his cell phone! The coup de grace was him subsequently “texting” some of his pictures to my phone. (Begging the question of whether you can actually “text” someone a picture... According to my teenagers, you can!) Pacific City, Oregon: “We get signal!” After our fun but non-productive crabbing adventure, we headed south with a temporary stop at Cape Lookout (more pictures by my son). During this trip both my oldest sons were texting mysterious “friends” on their cell phones. But north of Pacific City we lost all connectivity. The amazingly geekish moment came when I pulled out my Treo to check something just as we approached Pacific City from the north. I saw the signal strength return to my phone, felt a surge of positive emotion, and simultaneous heard spontaneous cheers from my two oldest sons (16 and 18), each independently exulting at the return of their cell phone connectivity. Apparently they had been suffering texting withdrawals for the previous 20 minutes and were now connected again to the real world. I turned to my wife and muttered, “We get signal!” The pitiful part is... she got the reference (see below if you don’t). Baker City, Oregon: “Main screen turn on” We were in the mountains of eastern Oregon Tuesday morning at sunrise, heading south under arbitrarily constrained Oregonian speed limits. As I looked to the right I discovered an amazing sillhouette of our van and trailer in the weeds on the west side of the road. With everyone sound asleep, and me just grateful for the arrival of daylight, I did what any red-blooded geek would do... pulled out my Treo and started taking pictures out the passenger side window while driving (approximately) 65 mph on I-84. The effect is actually pretty cool (IMHO). BTW, if you know anything about how a sundial works (or that the sun appears to move east to west across our earthly sky during daylight hours), you can perceive a time lapse between these two photos, evidenced by the changing length of our shadow. Some with more technical savvy than me could probably calculate the time period during which i was jeopardizing my sleeping family by driving down the freeway pulling a trailer while taking pictures out the passenger window with my Treo. Somewhere in the Middle of Nowhere, Western Idaho: “You know what you doing” Some time after sunrise but before business hours I remembered promising my number two daughter (the not married one) that I would transfer funds from my bank account to hers for reasons that are as yet shrouded in mystery. Nevertheless it had to be accomplished before Tuesday’s business hours. I was at that moment a passenger in a van now piloted by my wife, hurtling eastbound through western Idaho at speeds of (approximately) 75 mph. Despite severe sleep deprivation and an actual opportunity to catch a few z’s, I first fired up my Treo and enabled the Bluetooth capability for dial-up networking. I then pulled my PowerBook G4 from my computer bag (yes... nearby... where it should be), clicked on the phone icon in the task bar, and found myself connected to the Internet. Cool. I launched Firefox, logged into my bank’s web-based automatic teller, and transfered $100 to my daughter’s account for reasons that remain fuzzy (but I’m confident she’ll reimburse me very very soon...). Satisfied at having fulfilled my fatherly duties, and somewhat happier for having had an excuse to open my Mac, I dozed off into a well-earned sleep... Just a few digital highlights from our grand left coast adventure. “For great justice.” (Note: If the goofy quotes are mysterious to you, your life is probably incomplete, having been unexposed to the 1989 Zero Wing game. Click here for enlightenment.)|CLASSIC pasta||garganelli with zucchini| This is a classic simple dish from one of my favorite sources: Il Gusto Della Pasta, which I found in Bologna many years ago. The garganelli can be hand-made (see below). This presentation is a little unusual: the zucchini become decorative elements on top of the served pasta. (see picture below) for the pasta: Slice the zucchini into thin rectangles, two inches long and the width of the small zucchini, and at most a quarter inch thick. In a saute pan over medium heat, two tablespoons of the butter. Add the zucchini and cook until the zucchini are slightly al dente. Set aside. Add the remaining butter and a tablespoon of olive oil. Add the green onions and cook for a minute. Add the wine and the veal stock, and cook for a few minutes to get a lovely, smooth sauce. Bring 4-5 quarts of water to a boil. Add two tablespoons of salt. Drop in the pasta and stir. Continue cooking until almost al dente Reserve one cup of the pasta liquid. Drain. Bring the sauce to heat again. Add the pasta to the sauce. Stir to coat. Add some of the reserved liquid if needed to keep moist. Add the parmesan, a half teaspoon of salt, several turns of ground pepper. Stir. Cover and cook over high heat for one minute to get steaming hot. Taste for salt and pepper. Put the pasta and sauce into hot bowls. Then decorate the pasta with the slices of zucchini, and serve! how to make garganelli (makes about one pound): In a large bowl, mix the flour and salt and nutmeg. Make a mound of the flour and then make a well in the center. Add the eggs, oil and nutmeg to the well. Using a fork, break up the yolks and then gradually incorporate the flour and the eggs with a circular motion with the fork around the inside of the well. Continue until all the of the eggs are absorbed in the flour. When you can remove the mixed dough in one mass, place it on a floured work surface, and knead, always pushing gently on the flour, until you have a smooth ball of flour that is evenly mixed. Usually about 6 - 10 minutes of good hand-crafted effort to get the right texture. Put a wet towel over the pasta ball and let it sit for thirty minutes. Divide the dough into four pieces. Take one of the pieces, leaving the others under the towel to stay moist. Flatten the dough so that it can go through the pasta machine. Feed the dough through the widest setting of the machine at least four times, folding and turning the dough until you have a nice rectangle of flat dough not quite the width of the machine. Now run the flat sheet through the machine, one step at a time -- tightening up the width by one notch each turn. Do not fold the pasta from this point on. Continue through the setting as far as you can -- at least a 4, maybe a 5 on most machines. Cut the flat sheet of pasta into two-inch squares. (incorporate the cuttings back into the pasta not yet rolled out). Lay a square diagonally on a comb -- yes, a comb -- so that one corner points to you, the other pointing away from you. Place a smooth dowel or smooth pencil on the dough, parallel to the comb. Take the point of the pasta near you (should be about one-quarter of an inch) and wrap it around the pencil, and then with gentle downward pressure, roll the pencil away from you and off the comb. This gives the pasta its ridges. Stand the pencil vertically and the finished garganelli will slide off. Put them on a dry, clean cloth, not touching! Do the rest of the squares and then repeat for each of the other three rounds of pasta dough. Should be used fresh, as soon as possible. If allowed to dry they tend to crack while cooking. Rather than a comb, there are specific tools for creating the garganelli. There is a garganelli board, or a small loom-like instrument called a pettine.Joe Francis was living the high life. But here comes the first twist. Are you ready? Turns out Joe Francis was kind of a dick. I know, can you believe it? He reportedly mistreated women! He lacked proper respect for the rules! And as we all know from Bible study, pride goeth before the perp walk. But Joe had to learn the hard way. The federal government sued him in 2003 for allegedly filming underage women for Girls Gone Wild -- I know, how in the world did they get through the filter? -- and as they were settling the case, he yelled at plaintiffs. He then called the federal judge a "judge gone wild." Cute! Do you get it? That's really cute. Joe Francis thought he had it all figured out. But unfortunately, the judge didn't get the joke (it's a play on the "Girls Gone Wild" thing, your honor) and sentenced Francis to 35 days in jail for contempt. After this is over, Francis now faces up to 100 years in jail on state charges of filming the underage women and bringing drugs into his jail cell while awaiting trial. During his stay, a convicted murderer in the next cell over is serenading him with a special refrain: "Girls Gone Wild! Joe Francis! WOOOOOOO!" Over. And over. Again. And apparently, it is literally driving Joe crazy. Dare I say, he is going, oh I don't know, WILD? Oh, no. It's just too delicious! Now all we need is to find him dangling from the ceiling by a bra strap, and the cycle will be complete. We'll be right back, after this word from Taster's Choice. Joe Francis' next DVD may have disappointing sales. - Master of His Own Celebrity [Details] - Joe Francis: 'Baby, give me a kiss' [Los Angeles Times] - 'Girls Gone Wild' founder jailed for 35 days [USA Today] - Judge Shows No Mercy for Joe Francis [TMZ] - Francis breaking down under cop killer's taunts [TMZ] Technorati tags: Girls Gone Wild, Joe Francis, Poetic JusticeThe Lightning Seeds... The lighting bleeds Review: The Lightning Seeds at Shepherd’s Bush Empire Published on February 20th, 2012 | Jonny Abrams Hit after hit after hit; and that was just the opening acoustic set courtesy of Starsailor front man James Walsh. It’s testament to how highly regarded Ian Broudie is within music circles that he was able to call upon such eminent support, and it’s testament to his songwriting ability that his Lightning Seeds body of work that it still sounds fantastic some fifteen to twenty years down the line. Backed by a band containing his son Riley on guitar – and if you don’t already know, yes, “Life of Riley” was indeed written for him – Broudie went for the jugular with a set that was the very definition of ‘crowd-pleasing’, rendering whoever’s decision it was to fill the stalls with seating largely in vain. Yep, folk were dancing merrily in the makeshift aisles, and the air of revelry and reverence was acknowledged by Broudie after each song with a typically unassuming utterance of “ta”. “Ready or Not” Obvious shouts aside, Dizzy Heights album track “You Bet Your Life” reasserted itself as a blissful slice of Beach Boys-y psych-pop, while a cover of David Bowie’s “The Prettiest Star” sat well in a set that tellingly did not draw upon Broudie solo records Tales Told and Four Winds (the latter was released under the name The Lightning Seeds but, as Broudie recently told us, is effectively a solo outing). Only “Cigarettes and Lies” was aired from 1999 curio Tilt, but it would be churlish to profess any misgivings with a set that included all the most well remembered hits, of which there are many. Rocksucker went home with a strawberry-clad Jollification T-shirt, and would like to commend Broudie and his cohorts for a splendid night’s work. It seems as if this tour is intended to draw a line under the material featured, so if you happen to live within close range of one of the two remaining shows – namely Buxton Opera House Festival on 20th February and Ashford St Mary’s Church on 21st February – we recommend that you get yourself down there and catch the return of a true pop juggernaut while you can. Set list: “Ready or Not”, “Imaginary Friends”, “What If...”, “Sense”, “All I Wanna Do”, “You Bet Your Life”, “Change”, “Perfect”, “The Life of Riley”, “The Prettiest Star”, “Cigarettes and Lies”, “You Showed Me”, “Pure”, “Sugar Coated Iceberg”, “Lucky You”, “Marvellous”I was sure I was being followed home. Whatever or whoever was following me, was good! I could not discern it at all. There was just a tickle of a sixth sense. My teacher, before she died, had said I was the best natural magic user she had seen in ages. Now I was alone. I had nothing and no one to train me, except for her books, and that was difficult at best. I made it home, and put my primary shields of protection around the house and grounds. Nothing, and I mean nothing, could get in now. If there was one thing I learned well from my teacher, it was protection spells. I needed training in offensive magic, but my defensive spells were at their height, now. The problem was, that learning that type of magic safely just from books was very difficult. They could give you the raw data, but using the little nuances was not included. That could prove fatal, if done incorrectly. As I went to the kitchen for a bite to eat, something rocked my house shields. I paused. I heard a scream, and then more rocking as whatever it was tried to enter. No dice. I was safe as safe could be. It finally stopped trying to get in, and I heard a knocking on my door. I paused. Now this was strange. A killer knocking on my door? Who had ever heard of such a thing? I ignored the insistant knocking on my door, and went to my library. I and pulled out my copy of 'Offensive Magic and You'. While I had learned to safely use a few of the spells contained in this book, I was far from practiced and versed in them. I had the power, my teacher had told me so, but I had no one left to train me. I opened to page forty six and started in on the spell I had been trying to learn lately. It was a force spell that delivered so much energy to a specific target that it was blasted out of existence when it hit. The problem was, that when used improperly, it had a nasty habit of rebounding on the user. Therein lay the problem. I was unsure if I had learned it properly. 'When making the gestures, be sure that your left hand is perfectly straight, at all times, ' I read. I had this part down pat. It was just the description of the gestures, that was a bit vague. It wouldn't do to try to use a spell that was partially learned. The right hand could be as fluid as I wished, but the left had to complete all gestures with perfect rigidity. It was a powerful spell. There was almost no defense against it, when it was cast properly. Even my best defensive spell would be hard pressed to block it... and I was a 'wiz', literally, with defense. I continued reading. I practiced, and practiced, and practiced my gestures. I was sure I had them down, but was still afraid of this spell in the worst possible way. It was a major power spell. It was designed to take out just about anything and/or anyone. It was so powerful that 'colateral damage' was probable, rather than merely possible. I had learned some minor offensive spells along the way, but this one was of a magnitude that was beyond anything of which I had ever heard. It was the difference between an seasoned and tested adult, and a child in kindergarten, as to the relationship between the level of power. It was a top end spell. I was learning it alone, while only partially trained. Damn Melissa for dying on me. Still, she had died protecting us from a power storm, that had been sent by... something... or someone, at any rate. I thought I had inherited an enemy from her. It was very disconcerting that I didn't know even so much as the enemy's name. The next morning I was ready to head out to work. I put up a protective spell on myself, as I usually did. My protective spells had kept me alive through several attacks, as well as some very curious 'accidents', that seemed to happen around me a lot. I worked at a college as an assistant professor of languages, and I needed to be at school by the start of the seven-thirty class. The professor always seemed to be missing. I usually had all his classes to cover. This meant a busy day for me. While I had expected an attack on the way to the campus, none materialized. Good news for me, but now I was worried about the lack of an attack. So far, there had been no attacks during school hours, for which I was grateful. I had my best protective spell, "Rebound" going. It would turn any attack back to the attacker or attackers. It was a specially designed spell that I had developed on my own, and I was proud of it. So far it had stood up to anything cast my way, in the form of an attack. I had even turned the dangerous "Death of Soul" spell, which someone had at cast at me, just last month. That was high magic, indeed. I had not learned much about the spell, as yet. It was a 'dark magic' spell... sometimes known as 'black magic'. As I thought about it, it occurred to me I might have angered a powerful black wizard. Well, too bad, really. I was not going to roll over and let him or her kill me, over some imagined slight. I made it to school without incident, and started my classes. All day we did the ancient Greek islands. It was a fascinating study, really. I assigned homework in preparation for an upcoming test. I explained to each class, that testing would begin at the end of the week. It was after I had gotten off the bus, that the first attack was cast at me. A "knock down" spell of some sort had been used on me. My personal shield flared and, of course, sent it back just as it had been designed to do! The flare was visible to any who looked so I stepped between two buildings, and waited. Finally the flare died down, and I knew that the spell had rebounded, and was back attacking whoever had sent it. 'Well, more power to em, ' I thought with a grin. That would teach whoever it was, a very valuable lesson. I was almost back home when a shadowy figure stepped in front of me. I stopped. "Johnathon Bishop. I request a truce with ye," the figure stated. "Uh, huh. Why should I truce with you? Aren't you and your friends trying to kill me?" I asked him. "This is not important. What is important is we talk about a mutual problem," he/she/it stated. .... There is more of this story ...Does the amount of air added to fibre make the resulting yarn less dense? An experiment to show that fibre preparation prior to spinning helps to produce a longer yarn without detriment to the thickness of the yarn; only the density is altered. The aim of this experiment is to discover whether the amount of air one adds to the fibre prior to spinning (by stripping, fluffing and pre-drafting) changes the resulting yarn, providing a less dense, longer strand of yarn than when the fibre does not have air added. Should this prove to be true, it will enable me to work towards spinning enough yarn from 100g of fibre for a three-ply to make a pair of socks.
The more air that is added during the spinning process, the less dense the resulting yarn will be and therefore the resulting piece of yarn will also be longer. Fibre: 100g of Corriedale Fibre (colour: Burgundy) split into two 50g strands Spinning Wheel: Ashford Traveller Split the 100g of fibre in half lengthwise to produce two 50g strands. Split the 50g of fibre in half lengthwise. Spin directly from the strips of fibre, drafting while spinning. Separate the fibre width wise to produce a wide fluffy strand Elongate the fibre lengthwise (pre-draft) to produce a long fluffy strand which is virtually see-through. Spin from this pre-drafted fibre, still drafting while spinning. For both cases Spin direction: Z Ply type: Andean Ply direction: S Using the niddy-noddy wind the yarn off the bobbin and into a skein. Count the number of wraps of the niddy-noddy. This number should be multiplied by 4 to provide the number of feet of yarn produced, which should be divided by 3 to provide the number of yards produced. Tie, wash and whack the yarn to even and set the twist. Measure the wpi of the yarn. |Yarn Weight (g)||43||50| |Yarn Length (yards)||72||96| |Calculated Length per 100g||167||192| Final result: Second 50g is 115% length of the first 50g, so the length has been increased by more pre-drafting. The length of yarn spun from a given amount of fibre can affect the length of the final result. I was expecting a more dramatic difference between the two fibres than was achieved, but this smaller difference may be due to my spinning style varying between the two, and how quickly I was spinning. Spinning faster may cause less drafting, which could also result in a more dense yarn.The Man in Blue is (arguably) the main antagonist of Jasper Byrne's 2012 independent horror game Lone Survivor. He is the exact opposite of the Man Who Wears a Box, who is a wise pacifist. Not much is known about him, but it is suggested that he is not real, and is in the Protagonist's head, as he mainly appears in his dreams, despite never meating him before (So says the Lone Survivor). As said above, he wears a blue sweatshirt along with black pants. He also bears a strinking visual resemblance to the Lone survivor, the only difference being that he's not wearing a mask, and has white hair. He has 3 sprites in the game, one where he's standing up, another where he's sitting on a chair, and another seen at your first encounter, him laughing at you. His personality can be somewhat difficult to track at first, but overall he has shown himself to be violent and possibly psychotic. While the Man Who Wears a Box supplies the Lone Survivor with food, The Man in Blue supplies him with ammo for his pistol, and goes on to encourage him to kill anything that stands in the way, despite the fact that you can always get pass them without resorting to violence. However, he is never seen fighting anything, but this is probably because of either god-like powers, or because of the possibility of him not existing. Events in Lone Survivor At the beginning of the game, after grabbing the flashlight and turning it on, he shows up, appearing to be laughing at the player. He doesn't appear much throughout the course of the game in through the beginning to the end, unless you take the blue pill. If you do so, next time you go to bed, you'll have a dream with him and The Lone Survivor sitting down. He will ask you questions and make remarks, often mocking or even downright insulting the player. He's nowhere to be seen in the green (Good) ending, but in blue and red (Everage and bad) endings, he's seen again. In the blue ending, the Lone survivor tries to figure out who he is, but the Man in Blue gives know answers. Most likely out of desperation and anger, the Lone Survivor shoots him, but it des nothing, and he just laughs at him, telling him to "try harder". He is then seen with A girl wearing a blue dress in a field. In the red ending, it's the exact same, except it ends with The Lone Survivor ending up with a bullethole in his chest as well, and he turns into the man in Blue, implying he committed suicide.To my friends, old and new, I'd like to welcome you to my new website. Since this is a new year and all, I've decided for 2011, I'm going to try and publish 'January Black'. That is the purpose of this website. Whether I attempt to find an agent or online publisher, or simply upload to Amazon's Kindle site, I'm going to have to market my work. I hope to keep you informed on my progress, share what I learn, and maybe even give you sneak peaks of my new project, Dreams Awake. But first things first.... 'January Black' began in November 2009 as a National Novel Writing Month project. I failed to make 50k in one month, but finished the novel in April of 2010. Since then, it has been in a perpetual state of editing. The first chapter has been read by Authonomy members all over the world, while an apparently lacking query letter has been politely rejected by the Knight Agency. Oh well, nothing ventured, nothing gained, right? So...Happy New Year, and I hope you'll follow along with my adventure next year.If you have belongings that need to be stored safely for a period of time, then self storage in Portsmouth might be a good idea to consider. However, finding the right storage provider is something that requires a little investigation if you want to get exactly what you want. Storage units in Portsmouth are available from several sources. Ideally, you should look for a provider that owns and operates multiple locations. That way you are most likely to find a location that’s closer to you. Having a conveniently located storage unit means you can check on your possessions any time you want, and it will also make it easier to store additional items or take out others, if needed. Make sure you discuss terms of payment upfront before you decide on a storage unit provider. Some owners tend to capitalize on the desperation of renters, knowing that you have limited choice. However, make sure you go with a reputable storage space owner who does not insist on any down payments or on any administration fee. In some cases, you may not know how long you need the storage unit for. You could be renting for 2 months, or perhaps for 5. That’s why it’s important to make sure your rental agreement is one that’s suited to your future plans. You may come across owners who have a quarterly or even annual upfront payment policy. Stay away from such companies. You are sure to find facilities that have a month-to-month rental agreement policy. That way, you only pay for the actual number of months that you used the facility. Some storage units come in single sizes, leaving you no choice to select the most ideal size for your items. This means that even though all you need is a small space of, say, 5 x 10, you might not get it. Instead, you will have to rent a larger space because that’s the only one available. You end up paying for space that you will never use. The good news is that you can find storage units in Portsmouth of various sizes. Why pay for a larger space when you can save money with a smaller room? Of course, one of the main concerns of people storing their possessions in self storage facilities is the safety and careful handling of their property. Before you decide on where to store your belongings, ensure that the location is well protected by 24 x 7 surveillance. And if your possessions include sensitive and delicate items such as books, paintings or clothes and garments made of delicate fiber, then you may need some additional protection. Ask the owner of your storage facility if they have units that are fully climate-controlled. This will give you more peace of mind knowing that your items are safe all the time. Choose units for storagePortsmouth where you will only have to pay for the space you want and need. Simply go and visit reputable sites like Allsafestoraway.com. Be the first to like.Now this really hits the mark. Ms Mandville Greeson sings straight from the heart. You just don't get this kind of honesty too often. Don't worry guys; you won't be buying a feminist rant. There is humour in the lyrics and the musicians are first class. Once more into the music, dear friends. BluesBunny's favourite tracks were "Johnny and Me" featuring Billy Branch on harmonica, the bluesy "All My Love" and the saucy "Lip Service". The album ends with the gospel tinged "Shine Clear With Joy". Ms Mandville Greeson also wrote nearly every song. She appears to have learned many lessons from life on matters of the heart and presents them all here. Plenty of substance here so this album will no doubt remain near the top of the BluesBunny playlist for a long time.I'm not one for carrying around a camera, so I rely on my trusty iPhone to do the job. Here are some bits + pieces from the last week that put a smile on my face. Erich + I went to La Tavola in Sayville for a nice, romantic lunch. We were the only people dining outdoors, so it was nice to have that privacy - its rare that we have peace + quiet. I tried my very first lobster roll (the cold variety). I was so stuffed from the yummy appetizers, that I took the entire sandwich home + ate it for dinner. Super delicious + it didn't break the bank. Gotta love lunch specials! Music flashback: I jammed to M.I.A's Paper Planes, reminiscing of my summers spent at Brock's on Tuesday nights for wings + Blue Point Blueberry Ales with my old pals.- (architecture) a slender upright spire at the top of a buttress of tower - The highest level or degree attainable; the highest stage of development - A lofty peak - Surmount with a pinnacle - Raise on or as if on a pinnacle Synonyms: acme, height, peak, summit, elevation, superlative, top, meridian Derived forms: pinnacles, pinnacling, pinnacle Quotations: Henry Miller – Fame is an illusive thing here today, gone tomorrow. The fickle, shallow mob raises its heroes to the pinnacle of approval today and hurls them into oblivion tomorrow at the slightest whim; cheers today, hisses tomorrow; utter forgetfulness in a few months. Anne Revere –Behold an industry that once bestrode the envious pinnacle of world leadership, now so paralyzed with fear that the screen is now inhabited solely by three-dimensional spooks and men from Mars. Oswald Spengler –It is the Late city that first defies the land, contradicts Nature in the lines of its silhouette, denies all Nature. It wants to be something different from and higher than Nature. These high-pitched gables, these Baroque cupolas, spires, and pinnacles, neither are, nor desire to be, related with anything in Nature. And then begins the gigantic megalopolis, the city-as-world, which suffers nothing beside itself and sets about annihilating the country picture. John Reid –This group’s had some hard times, but they’ve bought in and they’ve reached the pinnacle. They’ve been awesome, some of the best players this school has ever had. Will Lewis –It’s exciting for me to be in a position like that where you can kind of be a part of the game that’s considered the pinnacle of your profession. The fact that you come from Millersville, or the fact that you come from USC, it’s kind of the same as far as your desire or your passion for this game. Steve Foley –This is the pinnacle of my career right now. It’s just all about your getting your chance and getting in that system that fits you best. I just wish I would have been in this defence my whole career. I can’t dwell on that. I can just try to make those memories happen now. - Somebody like Wayne really inspires you, he’s gotten to the pinnacle and done it the hard way. - Sure, in any profession you always want to reach the pinnacle of that profession. - Where he was, you’re at the pinnacle of success. This is the peak of achievement as far as individuals are concerned, as far as success goes. It is ironic that you can go from there and then you fall so low. - This is a wonderful honour for our wrestling team, but we haven’t reached our pinnacle yet. We still have bigger things we want to do this season. - They’re probably still the pinnacle of our region. - Their motion is a diversion. I also think it’s the pinnacle of hypocrisy. - Reaching the Tournament of Champions is a pinnacle. It’s what we always strive for. We’re looking at this as we’re not done. We have one more step to take and it’s the biggest and hardest one. - Chicago should really appreciate this and understand what this is all about. This is the pinnacle. - I think the only people who could conceivably be talking about a draft are people who are speaking from pinnacles of near-perfect ignorance. - The degree and kind of a man’s sexuality reach up into the ultimate pinnacle of his spirit. - It’s exciting to be here. I have waited a long time for this, but everybody knows that nobody remembers the loser of this game. This is the pinnacle. It doesn’t get any better than this. I’m trying to enjoy this experience. - We continue to make history. Two years ago we reached the pinnacle of Texas high school football, and now this is only the seventh time in history a Texas team is playing a California team. - I knew this team had more than most teams. To find a new level of more in the playoffs is a pinnacle for coaching. Our team leadership has paved the way for a successful and rewarding season. - This is one of the most exciting discoveries of my career, and represents the pinnacle in the history of map making. - They dismantled the Sweet 16 and they have eliminated the Elite Eight. That was what every team wanted to do was get to the Elite Eight and play downstate. That was the pinnacle for boys and girls basketball in the state of Illinois. The only good thing I like is that you don’t play two games on Saturday anymore. - In North America in particular, this is kind of the pinnacle of women’s hockey. Men have the NHL and all the other things. Women, this past year you had the Olympics, and the other three years you have the World Championships, but the Frozen Four is the pinnacle of women’s hockey. A lot of people in our sport are going to be focused on the teams and focused on the event. - I remember hugging my dad afterwards and him crying. I remember ‘What a feeling associated with victory.’ It’s the pinnacle of what you do. Boy, it made me want to be a basketball player for my dad in the worst way possible. - This is the pinnacle of a coach and team’s career. We’re going to the state championship. I just want to say what a great team Fayetteville Christian is. They’re well coached, and we’re fortunate to beat them. - That was probably the pinnacle of our rivalry. It started to heat up. - Our guys have to be able to handle that pressure. There are a lot of distractions. There is a lot of tugging and a lot of things you have to deal with that are different from the regular season. I want them to enjoy where they are at because it is the pinnacle of college basketball to get to this point. At the same time, you have to keep the focus there and put yourself in position to play the best basketball. - The two pinnacles I had that I’ve reached were to catch a fish on my own pattern and to be published in a book. I’m happy I’ve done that. - To see the impact that sports can have and should have is really the pinnacle for me of what sports is all about. - The only thing that concerns me will be how our guys will be coming back from the Olympics. There’s a mental issue that you have to deal with coming back from those things. These guys expend so much of themselves at this event. It’s such a pinnacle at two-thirds of the way through the season. I don’t know how that magnitude of an event is going to affect them. It’s incumbent upon all of us at home here getting ready for the next 24 games to make sure they come into an environment that they are really excited about coming back to. - The Olympic opening ceremony is the most important event for the vast majority of the athletes here. Most won’t come close to a medal. And for them, this is the pinnacle of their athletic careers. - When it comes to Australian team sporting prizes, it’s clear that the public consider the Ashes to be the pinnacle. We expect the whole country will be gripped by Ashes fever when the Ashes series begins later this year. - Athletics is a very selfish pursuit. I wake up every morning and as I get ready for the day, I ask myself, how can I be the best in the world. So after years of this, and people sacrificing so I can be the best in the world, I think it’s imperative for me or anybody else who reaches a pinnacle in their careers to reach out a hand for somebody else. - As for going to the stars, The Listeners concluded that it was inherently impossible and the only contact would be through radio. I believe that this may be true; on the other hand, I still nurse my youthful aspirations to go to the stars, and I think that humanity should pursue it – after all, we have not reached the pinnacle of science and technology. - USC and Oklahoma have become the two most dominant schools in the eyes of the kids they’re recruiting. Just as Bobby Bowden demonstrated over a long period of time, I think as long as Bob Stoops and Pete Carroll are there they will always have exceptional teams. It’s a more complicated game now than it’s ever been, but those two guys are at the very pinnacle of grasping all the nuances. - We were undoubtedly pleased when Go Daddy’s portfolio surpassed 9 million domain names in July. But we weren’t satisfied — after all, it’s ‘the Go Daddy way’ to keep moving forward. So we redoubled our efforts in order to achieve the 10 million domain name pinnacle faster than it took to grow from 8 to 9 million domains. And once again, the dedicated and relentless efforts of our employees, combined with the loyalty of millions of satisfied customers, were the decisive factors in helping us reach this milestone. - We, including scientists, have considered ourselves as sort of the pinnacle of evolution.Most Consecutive Netball Passes: New Zealand sets world record (Video) Lower Hutt, New Zealand--180 netball players, coaches and umpires gathered at Taita Netball Courts and passed the ball to each other time and time again - setting the new world record for the Most Consecutive Netball Passes for the Netball Hutt Valley Centre, according to the World Record Academy: www.worldrecordacademy.com/. The Guinness world record for the most consecutive netball passes is 164, set by pupils of Brookfield Community School, Chesterfield, Derbyshire, UK. Guinness World Records also recognized the world record for the most consecutive volleyball passes: 110, in an event hosted by the Triangle Volleyball Club at the Raleigh Convention Center in Raleigh, North Carolina, USA. Netball Hutt Valley Centre manager Phillipa Whitney didn't want to settle for just an ordinary start to the netball season - so she set out on organising an extraordinary event. Hutt City mayor Ray Wallace was the first to throw the ball, and others who caught it and passed it on included Haier Pulse netball players Te Huinga Reo Selby-Rickit and Katrina Cooper. Each person had to be eight feet apart and the ball had to be thrown consecutively for the record to be broken.If you are looking for a freelance tour guide in the London area or would like to discuss any other potential opportunities, please do not hesitate to get in touch with me either via my Contact Page or send me an email directly to: firstname.lastname@example.org. Find hereby a downloadable PDF copy of my Guiding CV: Yannick Pucci Guiding CV. - Engaging and knowledgeable tour guide focused on the arts & heritage sector. - Confident public speaker regularly delivering content to international audiences. - Ability to take charge of visitors and safely lead them indoors as well as outdoors. - Researching new routes and writing scripts for upcoming and bespoke walks. - Marketing and promoting own tours on websites and social media platforms. - Highly commended in the London Volunteer Awards for the British Museum. British Museum, Volunteer Hands-On Desk Facilitator and Tour Guide -Japan EyeOpener Tour (30mins) (July 2010 to now.) - Part of the museum’s public programme, this free tour provides visitors with a short introduction to the British Museums Japanese collection. Delivered over 250+ times. -Highlights Tour (90mins) (April 2013 to now.) - From the Parthenon Friezes to the Rosetta Stone, this highlights tour takes visitors on a journey around the world while looking at 15 objects. Delivered over 75+ times. - Also given the tour for staff inductions as well as for private groups such as the Frankfurter Städelsche Museums-Verein, Instagram as well as British Petroleum (BP). London Unravelled, Independent Tour Guide and Owner -Matcha Green Tea Tour (150mins) (October 2015 to now.) - A food tasting tour exploring matcha green tea while visiting the hidden corners of Fitzrovia, Piccadilly and Soho. -Piccadilly and Petit Fours Tour (150 mins) (August 2015 to now.) - A food tasting tour exploring the foodie history of Piccadilly while visiting the hidden corners of Mayfair and St. James’s. -Art Deco in the Strand Tour (120 mins) (February 2015 to now.) - A companion piece to my ‘Art Deco in Bloomsbury’ tour, this architectural walk explores the rich Art Deco heritage of the Strand. -Macarons and Mews Tour (150 mins) (September 2014 to now.) - A food tasting tour exploring the history of the macaron while visiting the hidden corners of Knightsbridge and Belgravia. -Hidden Mayfair Tour (120mins) (June 2014 to now.) - Originally developed for Open Garden Squares Weekend 2014, this tour traces the history of Mayfair while exploring the area’s green spaces. -History of the Telephone Box Tour (120mins) (June to September 2014.) - A collaboration with InspireConspireRetire, this walk explored the legacy of telephone boxes within the West End during the London Festival of Architecture 2014. -Art Deco in Bloomsbury Tour (120mins) (October 2013 to now.) - Originally developed for the Bloomsbury Festival 2013, this architectural tour takes an in-depth look at London’s most unexplored Art Deco heritage. - The ‘Art Deco in Bloomsbury’ tour was also featured in a Londonist podcast. -Holland Park & Kyoto Garden Tour (120mins) (October 2012 to now.) - From the authentic Japanese Garden to the ruins of Holland House, this historical walk introduces visitors to one of London’s most romantic parks. - The Holland Park Tour was also featured in the Italian magazine ‘Speak Up’. If you have any more questions about my guiding experiences or would like to hire my services, do not hesitate to get in touch with me either via my Contact Page or send me an email directly to: email@example.com. You can also find me on Twitter where I’m always up for a chat too.A few important reminders to kick off this roundup: 1. You can still win a big TV, game console and sound system on GameStop courtesy of Brink. 2. Phobos is not, in fact, populated by cyberdemons. Yet. Now that we have that out of the way, let’s get on with the cool links. Fallout fans should be sure to check out the last one. - The Fallout: New Vegas teaser trailer is now up on Xbox Live, and should hit PSN later today. - Oblivion makes Ask Men’s “Top 10 Video Game Landscapes” feature - Fallout: New Vegas, Brink and RAGE are mentioned in Gaming Bolt’s “20 Games That Will Make Your Jaw Drop At E3” list - The Quarter to Three podcast recently talked up Oblivion - Oblivion/Fallout 3 voice actor Wes Johnson expresses his love of chili dogs in a new interview - G4TV gives some love to the BFG - This fan-made, live-action Fallout short looks pretty impressive Let us know in the comments if you’ve seen anything else out there that’s worth a look.This will bring up a Wizard which will take you through the configuration of a new Mail Collector. All the settings made by the Wizard can be altered later by editing the Mail Collector. In Mail Collector Name, type the name you want to use for this Mail Collector. The actual value does not matter, but it will be used by VPOP3 in status & error messages, so it is best to make it something meaningful - such as the name of your Internet provider or email account. Press Next >> to go to the next pageEthan planted a flower that he has been growing for me for the past few months. He sang to me at church and also presented me with a packet he put together at preschool, which included his handprint and a hilarious fill-in-the-blank interview. Part of it went like this: "My mom is as pretty as a..." His answer? "Shark!" I know, sharks are simply beautiful. Ryan made me dinner on our awesome new little charco
al grill, which happened to cook one of the best steaks I have ever had in my life. Isn't it a cute little grill? And Ruby made us laugh all day long. At one point I swear she said, "Here you go, big mommy," as she handed me her toy. I sure love being mom to these crazy kids... ...who got progressively dirtier as the day wore on.Today I thought I would share a couple of the other things I use stamps for, apart from cards! I love stamping and colouring, so I incorporate it into all sorts! First, my new business cards...I order them as plain text, and then stamp pretty images to decorate, which means I can change them up whenever I fancy. My second share is my bullet journal, which is a kind of planner/ productivity tool. It helps me practically to plan my life and business, but there's no reason why it shouldn't be pretty and inspiring! I hope you enjoyed this different kind of post, showing you the versatility of stamps. What else could you use stamps for? Why not leave me a comment with some ideas! If you are interested in any of the products I use, you can visit my online store here or if you prefer, you can call me on 0781 4451627. Peace, love and stamping!Day after tomorrow it's supposed to snow anywhere from 2-8" (weather forecasting isn't good here either). |Our maple tree in the front yard| |When the cholorphyll dies it lets other colors reflect| |Hyssops smell somewhat like anise.| |Black currants we left for our 'pet' robin|The majority of UK electorate would agree that the British troops do a fantastic job fighting to protect a democratic way of life. It is heart-rending when they are, accused of war crimes, long after whatever conflict, was over. But, according to the media report, the Prime Minister will take the UK out of the section of the European Convention on Human Rights when armed forces are on the battlefield. A move she believes will prevent so-called tank chasing lawyers from suing the Ministry of Defence. Apparently, this decision his taken, following the various legal cases filed against soldiers from the Afghanistan and Iraq conflict. The logic in opting out of the ECHR is to ensure that British troop can undertake their duties without the fear of being sued. It is important that we support the men and women who fight in wars, putting their life on the line. However, even in conflict, there must be a standard of humanity that must be maintained by all involve and if our troops go beyond the scope of their duties they should be held accountable. Some of the horror stories that came out of the Iraq and Afghanistan wars, atrocities that alleged, that were undertaken by British soldiers against human beings, should and must be investigated. You cannot say that because we are fighting a war then, anything goes, if that is the case why would we prosecute anyone for war crimes. There is no doubt that there are those who will use the conflict for their personal gains, they will use lies and innuendoes to achieve their aims. But, the Ministry of Defence should be able to determine when a claim is truthful or fraudulent. If they are not able to do so and the only way to prevent these frivolous allegations against soldiers, is by opting out of the European Convention on Human Rights, then it is a sad day for the UK and quite frankly puts the country back into the dark ages.Hi friends! Jillian here, and I’m just back from April school break. I spent the week in Rhode Island at my parents’ home with my children while my foyer stairs were getting sanded and refinished here at my brick nest. Dare I say I think we may be done with the floors in the house?!?! I’m super excited about that! I will show you more on the grand foyer refresh soon, but today we are plugging along with week four of the One Room Challenge, decor and more! Be sure to check out the progress of hundreds of other bloggers as they transform rooms during this event. Thanks to Calling It Home for hosting! Since I am just getting back home and reorganized from school break I will keep it brief today with lots o’ photos and with little chit chat!! Also, since you saw the furniture last week, I am trying to keep things top secret too before the big reveal! I wouldn’t want to spoil the surprise for you! This post contains affiliate links. Click here to read our full disclosure policy. Here’s a quick recap: week 1 was the plan, week 2 was blush-pink paint, and week 3 was furniture, a rug, and lighting. Now onward with the photographs of some decor elements I am planning for my daughter’s big girl bedroom! Below is an adorable pouf my fabulous sister-in-law Becky (of Nantucket Looms) gave me for my daughter’s room. It’s a perfect way to tie together the purple rug and the blush-colored walls! Be sure to check out the amazing selection of home decor and more at Nantucket Looms. Look at these adorable little baskets I found! I love the beachy, chic, girly vibe. I may just have to pick up some more of these affordable little cuties! Now on to the doll house bookshelfie (similar bookshelf). Love, love, love how cute this bookshelf arrangement came out! Functional and adorable storage–now you can’t beat that! This great lamp was another Homegoods score! Here is a similar option. These lamps I had already, and their small size is perfect for the pretty and petite nightstands. I love this pillow for the bench. I’m planning to fill the rest of this bench with stuffed animals and dolls to make it into a whimsical storage space. Lastly, this old field hockey trophy of mine that was collecting dust in the basement is going to get a spray paint makeover and turn into a fun, unique decor accent for my daughter’s room. Stay tuned for that! While I don’t know how exactly it will turn out, the trophy couldn’t get any uglier so it’s worth a go! Also I should add that obviously the date on the trophy is wrong (wink wink)! Here is a look at what we have left to do: - Next week I will talk about art and window treatments (and anything else I may have forgotten). - Decorate the heck out of this little girl room and have Lisa take a gazillion photos for the REVEAL! Yippee! Almost there! Check back next week as I show you some fantastic paintings by my mother-in-law and dish about all of my framing secrets. You will not want to miss it–it will be easy on the eyes and helpful for sure! - My nest is not a museum, it is a comfortable, charming, unique, fabulous home with young children. I have high-end custom pieces, vintage tag sale finds, authentic antiques, colorful prints, and basic box store staple furniture. There are many ways to add functional style to your home and I can't wait to share my ideas and inspirations with you!2012 proved to be a tough year for the Shavano Park real estate market. The area saw decreases in home sales and sale prices during the year but homes did sell faster than 2011. This community in San Antonio has seen a decrease in the number of homes sold for 2012 compared to 2011 of 12 percent. The average sales price has seen a decrease of 7 percent when compared to the same time in 2011 while the median sale price is down 2 percent. Currently there are 30 homes for sale in Shavano Park. The prices range from $349,987 for a 3 bedroom, 2300 sqft home all the way to $2,100,000 for a 5 bedroom, 7500 sqft home. Shavano Park December Home Sales Shavano Park seen 3 homes that sold during the month of December. The homes that sold ranged from 3 bedroom, 3300 sqft homes all the way to 5 bedroom homes of over 4200 sqft. Shavano Park December Home Sale Prices Home sale prices during the month of December in Shavano Park, ranged from a low of $338,000 to a top price of over $540,000. For the month, the average sale price was $451,000 and the median sales price of $475,000. For the year, the average sale price is $590,692, down 7 percent from 2011, and the median sales price of $495,000, down 2 percent from 2011. Shavano Park December Days on Market and Absorption Rate Home sold days on market during the month of December in Shavano Park, ranged from a low of 84 days on market to a high of over 602 days on market. For the month, the average days on market was 259 and the median days on market of 91. For the year, the average days on market is 184, down 13 percent from last year, and the median days on market of 132, a decrease of 22 percent from last year. Shavano Park Home Sales by Number of Bedrooms 2 Bedroom Size: 1283 Sqft 2 sold in 2012 Average Sales Price: $227,500 Median Sales Price: $227,500 3 Bedroom Size: 3079 Sqft 14 sold in 2012 Average Sales Price: $477,678 Median Sales Price: $477,500 4 Bedroom Size: 3687 Sqft 16 sold in 2012 Average Sales Price: $537,174 Median Sales Price: $547,500 5 Bedroom Size: 5230 Sqft 8 sold in 2012 Average Sales Price: $824,009 Median Sales Price: $656,088 6 Bedroom Size: 6209 Sqft 1 sold in 2012 Average Sales Price: $1,889,000 Median Sales Price: $1,889,000 Shavano Park Current Listings The data relating to real estate on this website comes in part from the Internet Data Exchange (IDX) Program of the San Antonio Board of REALTORS®. IDX information is provided exclusively for consumers' personal non-commercial use and may not be used for any purpose other than to identify prospective properties consumers may be interested in purchasing. All Information Is Deemed Reliable But Is Not Guaranteed Accurate. What do you think? Is there any other information you would like? What are your thoughts on how the real estate market is doing in Shavano Park? Please let me know what they are in the comments.Beginning with the original Fate/stay night, the Fate series has had multiple sequels, spinoffs, and adaptations. Based around the core concept of summoning famous figures from history and myth to battle each other, the series is ripe for various genres and media. Now the series is getting its first free-roaming action game in Fate/EXTELLA. After some hands-on time with the demo, as a fan, I can’t believe they didn’t make a game like this sooner. Fate/EXTELLA serves as a sequel to the spinoff series, Fate/Extra. Taking place in a digital virtual world in the future, the new game has players control one of sixteen various characters–called servants–and has them battle their way through multitudes of digital enemies. [Note: This article contains spoilers for Fate/stay night, Fate/Zero, and Fate/Extra–because in the world of Fate, even character names are spoilers.] The demo that was made available at this year’s Tokyo Game Show 2016 let players choose one of three characters: Nero (the Roman emperor), Arthuria (better known as Arthur Pendragon, King of Briton and Ruler of the Knights of the Round Table), or Iskandar (better known as Alexander the Great, king of the Ancient Greek kingdom of Macedon and perhaps the greatest conqueror in history). For the demo, most people seemed to be picking Nero or Arthuria, as those characters were main characters of the series in which they appeared in–Fate/Extra and Fate/stay night, respectively. The gentleman ahead of me was kind enough to let me record some of his gameplay footage playing Nero. Ever the rebel, I decided to pick Iskandar as my character. The fact that I’m a huge fan of the actor who voices him, Akio Ōtsuka, the Japanese voice of Solid Snake in the Metal Gear Solid series, played no part in this decision... Okay, it played a little part in this decision... Maybe a big part. The game’s system itself is very much similar to games of the Warriors series. In fact, despite not being developed by Omega Force, the game played almost exactly like a Warriors game. It literally felt like another of the tie-in games like One Piece Pirate Warriors or Dynasty Warriors Gundam, except for being Fate-based. The basic controls were simple enough, square button for a weak attack and triangle for a strong attack. Stages were divided into multiple connected areas that you had to move to and battle to gain control of. While it was fairly easy to just run from area to area gaining control, the enemy forces would also do the same thing, taking back control of areas after you had left them. There was also a set stage objective which involved gaining control of specific areas to unlock further plot developments, so just running around trying to gain control of everything was rather inefficient, and in the case of the demo, actually detrimental considering the limited amount of time you had. The demo objective was to defeat the servant, Medusa, in fifteen minutes. Unfortunately, this proved more difficult than I imagined. I managed to unlock a mid-boss battle with Lü Bu, but ran out of time right before I could finish him. After playing the demo, I can honestly say Fate/EXTELLA is looking to be a very solid and enjoyable game. Fans of the Fate series and/or fans of the Warriors games will not be disappointed in how the game plays and feels. The roster of sixteen characters is modest, but robust enough not to be lacking. Also, the sheer number of characters in the Fate universe leaves ample room for plenty of potential sequel games and/or DLC. If anything, it felt wonderful getting to control one of my favorite Fate characters and plow through enemies like the badass he is. Fate/EXTELLA is scheduled for release in Japan on the PlayStation 4 and PlayStation Vita on November 10. There is currently no word on a Western release.Birch Bay is a great idea for a summer vacation. There are plenty of vacation homes for rent, and you can get some good deals on a rental cabin if you look for them. Birch Bay is a great place to take the kids, and of course if you have a dog, there are pet friendly rentals out there if you look. Birch Bay is famous for it's sunsets, so be sure to bring a camera. In the evening, you can sit on the beach with your back against a log, and get some spectacular photos. There is the state park on the south side of the bay, and lots of beach to enjoy. You might enjoy to go kayaking or canoeing with your friends out in the bay. If the wind picks up, stay closer to the shore, and be sure to bring your life jackets. If you are coming from Canada, Birch Bay is just south of the border. After you clear the border line up, it is only a few minutes away. Although the exchange rate is a bit high currently, a summer vacation here does not have to break the bank. Get a cabin with a fully equipped kitchen, and you can cook your own meals rather than dine out. If you have a big family this can save you a lot. If you are coming from the USA, then this is perhaps the last resort before Canada. In 2010, Blaine appointed itself the 'Gateway City To The 2010 Olymnpics'. From here you can cross the border and visit all that is in the Vancouver area, and be back for dinner.Christopher B. Nelson, M.S. Chris Nelson has been an investigator for more than three decades, with areas of expertise that include accident investigations and financial examinations. He received a Bachelor of Science in Finance with a Minor in Economics from the University of Utah in 1979 and a Master of Science in Occupational Safety and Health in 2006 from Columbia Southern University. He has attended the Metalworking Fluids Safety Institute, the Oil and Gas Safety Institute, and the Legal Investigator’s Institute Safety Seminars. Mr. Nelson is a member of the American Society of Safety Engineers, the National Safety Council, and the National Association of Legal Investigators.Post your recipe and get notifications when other cooks review and add photos to it. Salmon recipes are wonderful when paired with our favorite asparagus recipes , or add a simple salad on the side. I mix honey and lemon juice together and add it to the pan with the salmon and garlic. Salmon is such a versatile fish, and we have plenty of great ideas for delicious dishes. Fix a restaurant-worthy salmon salad in the style of Nice, France, while maintaining a healthy eating plan. Remember, the salmon will keep cooking for a minute after removing from the pan. Bake the salmon until the fish flakes and white bubbles of protein appear on the surface, 10 to 20 minutes, depending on the thickness of the fillets. We prepare her recipes exactly according to her direction, and we are never disappointed. You can use that foil to wrap up any leftovers for tomorrow’s lunch, or toss the whole thing right in the garbage – no pan scrubbing required. We have a gentleman that comes to our local farmers market that sells wild sockeye salmon which he and his brother catch then flash freeze after filleting. This recipe is very forgiving and works for one very large salmon, a couple of medium-sized fillets, or even several small individual fillets. A cast iron pan is excellent for searing fillets and then placing them in the oven. The tequila-lime marinade puts the flavor deep into this salmon recipe and the fresh salsa gives it a light and refreshing taste that makes this such a wonderful meal. I would add that buying wild caught” instead of farm raised” salmon will make the dish a little healthier. Salmon is my favorite type of fish and I am always looking for new recipes to incorporate it. I love how easy this is; I can’t wait to make/try it! From baking with a simple seasoning, to adding to soups, to transforming leftovers into amazing creations, there’s almost no end to the ways you can prepare salmon.A Gourmet Dining Experience featuring celebrity chefs, regional cuisine, a “local foods” store and more After 2 years of dedication to developing and promoting ag-tourism across Northeast Central Alberta, Kalyna Country's success is now reaping big rewards for the region. Kalyna Country has been voted as a finalist in the Travel Alberta Alto Award Category of: Marketing Excellence (up to $5,000) for its “Dine Kalyna”-a Gourmet Dining Experience featuring 100% regional cuisine from local agrifood producers. This tasty event was a huge success. Regional food events have been organized around the province for many years and are gaining in popularity. Dine Kalyna has taken the concept to a higher level – focusing on showcasing the producer and their local product. The event was held in conjunction with the Vegreville Country Fair and featured celebrity chefs using excellent products from farms across 7 counties in the region. Dishes such as Chipotle Honey-Braised Venison & ApriKat Wheat Ale stew, Braised Emince of Beef with Sundried Cranberries on a Herb Bouche, Red and Yellow Beet Crème Caramel with Raspberry Compote delighted the sold out crowd of 350. “The event is definitely an annual one now,” says Kevin Kisilevich, marketing manager for Kalyna Country. “The idea just snowballed and proved to be a great Agri food culinary tourism experience. Holding Dine Kalyna in conjunction with the Vegreville Fair helped boost its attendance figures as well.” The well-targeted marketing campaign used every means possible, within budgetary limitations, to get the message out about the tasty event including an ad in City Palette, a radio campaign, news releases, a promotional print piece and utilized the exceptional Kalyna Country Magazine and website. The goals of promoting local producers and their product and boosting attendance at the Vergreville Fair were all met. In addition to the 350 who attended Dine Kalyna from around Alberta, the Agricultural Society saw increased attendance at the Fair from 8, 244 in 2007 to 10,045 in 2008. Two of the producers are now supplying a major Edmonton hotel with their products. “The advertising for this event created a massive buzz about Kalyna Country which not only benefited this event and its partners but the whole tourism region, and their are now numerous other communities who want us to help host an event of this kind” says Kisilevich. “We will continue to be the leader in agricultural tourism in this region and grow our events and sales for our local agricultural producers even more.” Another Alto Award nomination for the region was given to the Northeast Alberta Trail Map. In addition to the success of "Dine Kalyna", Kalyna Country also played a major role in the development of the "Northeast Alberta Trail Map". This was a project coordinated through Alberta Trailnet and created with a collaboration of trail groups and the Alberta government. These award nominations cap off a great tourism season in Kalyna Country in 2008 with increases at visitor centres and some tourism operators stating up to 400% increases in business due to their marketing with Kalyna Country. These Alto Award Nominations recognize organizations or individuals that have exhibited exceptional achievements in tourism marketing with new, breakthrough initiatives.The midfielder was informed he was dropped yesterday morning Brentford dropped midfielder John Swift ahead of their Championship clash with Blackburn Rovers yesterday following a social media post which was not well received by the fans. UFC Featherweight champion Conor McGregor posted a picture on Instagram along with the caption: ''Some Some days they love you. Some days they hate you. Both days I got paid." John Swift, who is on loan in Brentford from Chelsea, replied to the post on the eve of the Blackburn game, saying: ''What a guy.'' The comment caused outrage among Brentford followers who interpreted the comment as a criticism directed at them. Swift deleted the post and quickly took to Twitter to apologise for any offense caused. I apologise for my last Instagram post did not mean to offend anyone especially the Brentford fans.— John Swift (@JohnSwift8) March 18, 2016 Despite his repententant reaction, Swift was dropped from the panel for the resultant game. Brentford coach Dean Smith said: "John wasn't in the team anyway but he posted something on social media that I was made aware of.'' "I spoke to him this morning and I just didn't think it was right to put him on the bench today. He explained it when he took it down and apologised. I don't think there was any malice in it, but it was naive from a young lad.'' "Sometimes I don't think they realise how many people it goes out to once they press the enter key, such is social media. He'll go on international duty now with England U21s, which we're pleased about, but we'll speak to him."Demolish de Young Museum, panel says Published 4:00 am, Wednesday, March 8, 1995 1995-03-08 04:00:00 PDT SAN FRANCISCO -- Officials of the earthquake-vulnerable M.H. de Young Museum in Golden Gate Park are recommending that the museum and the adjacent Asian Art Museum be demolished and rebuilt from scratch. San Francisco voters are likely to be asked to finance part of the reconstruction, which would include an underground garage for 600 cars, museum officials said Tuesday. Work on the $89.2 million rebuilding could begin by 1999 once the Asian Art Museum moves from its existing quarters to the old Main Library in Civic Center. The new de Young would most likely open three to four years later. Latest news videos A 13-person study committee that includes several de Young Museum trustees has recommended the reconstruction over a seismic renovation of the existing museum, Fine Arts Museums Director Harry Parker said Tuesday. Fine Arts Museums President John Goss said rebuilding was the most cost-effective solution for fixing the museum, which has unreinforced ceilings, cracked concrete and numerous unbraced fixtures. Goss predicted the museum Board of Trustees would accept the committee's recommendation at its meeting March 16. Once trustees act, the board will hold public hearings on the plan beginning in late April, Parker said. De Young might move temporarily< Parker said the de Young might move to temporary quarters during the reconstruction. He said possible sites included a waterfront pier or the Presidio commissary. Details of the plan were presented to The Examiner editorial board Tuesday by Goss, a retired investment banker, and Parker. Included in the study committee's report, Parker said, is a recommendation for a 600-car, two-level garage beneath the new de Young. Cars would approach the $8.5 million garage by the park's 10th Avenue-Fulton Street gate and enter through a tunnel beneath John F. Kennedy Drive. Parker admitted the garage was "a Dallas kind of idea and tough to do in San Francisco." But he said that while environmentalists were likely to object on the ground that the garage would attract more cars to the park, museum officials
expected that it would result in fewer automobiles lining the park's streets. Excluding the garage-tunnel project, Parker estimated that the new building would cost $89.2 million. By comparison, retrofitting the existing building would cost about $61.6 million. Goss said the retrofit "would have required removal of 80 percent of interior walls" and, as determined, was not cost-effective. Going to voters< To pay for the project, the officials suggested voters be asked to approve a $61.5 million bond issue in November 1996. The rest of the money would have to be raised privately, Parker said. The Board of Supervisors would have to vote to put the bond measure on the ballot. Officials suggested there was little concern for protecting what remains of the 67-year-old building's architecture. Most of its once-elaborate Hispanic-Mooresque ornamentation was removed around 1950 after pieces began falling off, arousing concern for injury in the event of an earthquake. Advantages of the plan to build an all-new museum, Parker said, include: * Cutting the park space occupied by the museum by about 10 percent. * Expanding space between the Japanese Tea Garden and the museum. The area would becomes a sculpture garden, Parker said. * Providing new basement storage space. * Adding temperature and humidity controls as well as such safety features as more emergency exits and fire sprinklers. No architect has been selected, but, mindful of public concerns about protecting the integrity of Golden Gate Park, Parker said, "We think (the new museum) can be designed aesthetically to complement the park. We see an opportunity to build something more harmonious" than the existing building. Any new structure would be designed along guidelines established with cooperation of environmental and neighborhood groups and city planners. "We want to make sure it doesn't look like the Modern," Parker said, referring to the starkly contemporary new San Francisco Museum of Modern Art on Third Street. The study committee that made the recommendation to the museum trustees was headed by Dede Buchanan Wilsey. Other members, some of whom are museum trustees, were Goss, Charles Crocker, TV personality Belva Davis, Dagmar Dolby, Frankie Gillette, David Hoyer, Sylvia Kingsley, Gail Merriam, Robert Mills, Bernard Osher, Dodie Rosekrans and Frank Woods.<I asked the VP, Ravi Bhatia the same question at the January launch event - When is FIAT going to launch EcoDrive in India? He said they might have to make some "hardware changes" etc and that can raise costs! The hardware is already there ( Blue n Me hardware) . All that needs to be done is to make an India specific EcoDrive app with India specific Linea/Punto engine choices and data. So i have no idea which hardware Mr. Ravi Bhatia was talking about. God knows what these FIAT boffins think. Cheers.Diya Aur Baati Hum 28th January 2016 Written Episode, Written Update on TellyUpdates.com The Episode starts with Arzoo choosing clothes for Sooraj and Sandhya. The local man asks Resham to think well, if she wants to mourn for her daughter’s loss, then give her to them. Resham and Arzoo leave. Sandhya asks the man does he think India is their enemy and every Indian is Kaafir, you won’t become great by disrespecting others. He asks who are you. She says an Indian, you are mistaken to say all that about India, I will tell you whats Indian, we don’t make enemies based on religion, we respect girls from other homes as our daughters, you are saying about your country’s daughter, we gave chance to even enemies, Lord makes pairings, I m sure Pakistani daughter will get such love and respect that she will forget her Maayka, we will never take charity, but we will hold hand coming The commandos come there. The man was taking out something from his jacket and his friend stops him. Sandhya folds hands and looks at everyone. Sooraj takes her. The man says show is she to come to our country, find out, she needs to be punished for her arguments. Meenakshi and Vikram enjoy in the five star hotel. She takes selfie and asks him to smile. She says I will put this pic as DP. Vikram stops her and says everyone will know it then. She says sorry. They get Bhabho’s call. He says did Bhabho know we are here. She answers the call. Bhabho asks why did you take so much time to answer call, leave it, tell me did you get train on time. Meenakshi says yes, we got seat near window, I m fine. Vikram says she did MA in lies. She falls. Vikram shouts pool.... and catches the phone, and not her... and she falls in the pool. He asks her to talk to Bhabho. Meenakshi says someone has thrown water bottle on me, don’t worry, I m fine. Bhabho says fine, and hears music playing there. Vikram asks them to stop radio. Meenakshi says I will talk later, I can’t hear you and ends call. Bhabho prays for them. Meenakshi asks Vikram to take her out and they dance. Babasa asks Bhabho not to worry, Sandhya called thrice till now. Chotu comes home with Piya. Babasa smiles and says see, the one who will bring smile on your face has come. Bhabho smiles seeing Chotu in Sooraj’s sherwani. Piya thinks Chotu should marry soon so that I get 5 lakhs. Babasa says our Chotu looks a prince. Bhabho says you are really Sooraj’s shadow, there is no difference between you and Sooraj. Chotu thinks there is much difference, Sooraj can never break your trust and I m doing it for my love. Piya asks a man to alter the sherwani and holds Chotu. Bhabho asks Chotu to come and says Sandhya told me you are Chotu’s special friend, but friend should be in limit, I know my words look old thinking to today’s generation, this right is of Arzoo now. Piya thinks once I get 5 lakhs, then I will show whats my right and whats that Arzoo’s rights. At peace summit, Sandhya is heading for the conference with fellow police officers. The man welcomes them and media questions Sandhya. A lady says we respect this try, but do you think there can be peace between both countries. Sandhya says I believe we fought a lot, I m sure after coming here, there is no one who wants to fight more, we Indians believe the same, we want peace and love now. Sandhya says its time that we get daring and take our tries ahead, and slap those offensive people who do not wish us to unite. Sooraj buys bangles, and Arzoo is also there. The man says high rates thinking Sooraj is Indian and he can earn more. Arzoo hears him and thinks to teach him a lesson. Sooraj’s money falls and he goes aside to pick. Arzoo scolds the man for giving bangles for more money. The man says he is not our brother, its fine to take more money from him. Sooraj looks on. Sandhya says its right to love our country, but its wrong to hurt others. Arzoo says this is wrong. The man says you are angry on our people for others, it seems you don’t love Pakistan. She says I love my country, I m doing this to save our country name, will you sell our name and respect for some money, how will you feel if anyone remarks us. Sooraj thinks she is patriotic like Sandhya, I should thank her, who is this girl. The reporter asks shall we accept that India is scared seeing Pakistan’s growing powers.... Sandhya looks on. Resham comes home and waits for Meenakshi and Vikram. Aunty says I think they changed minds, they won’t make Arzoo their bahu. Resham asks her to be quiet. Aunty asks why did they not come. Resham gets a call.... The man says I think Indians don’t understand words but something, they will be punished. Sandhya says I will see who stops us, we will raise our flag on republic day. Update Credit to: AmenaPumpkin Spice Lattes make life worth living every Fall, but if you live in Middle-Earth then you will never experience the joy of this delicious seasonal beverage. We know this thanks to Polygon writer Alexa Ray Corriea. She was playing Middle-Earth: Shadow of Mordor and swore she heard two Uruk-Hai talking about the drink. Her comments about this experience on twitter led to a response from Hidden Path Entertainment CEO Jeff Pobst who explained the lack of pumpkin. According to Polygon: We had pumpkin patches in the Shire, and the Tolkien Enterprises people went nuts about it,” he said. Pumpkins, as it were, are a New World crop. Middle-earth is J.R.R. Tolkien’s vision of an ancient Europe, with the author going so far as to base his maps on the continent. Pumpkins are native to North America, therefore there’s no way they’d be growing organically in a fantastical take on ancient Europe.” They weren’t kidding either, as the Tolkien folks also took issue with tomatoes in the 2003 title The Hobbit. The good people of Middle-Earth, sadly, never knew the joy of pumpkin anything. And no tomatoes? They didn’t have pizza either! See the tweet after the break. — Jeff Pobst (@jeffpobst) September 28, 2014Leader Reflection and Planning Reflect on the workshop with your co-leader. Which activities did the group enjoy the most? Were varied learning styles addressed? When volunteers were sought, did any of the quieter participants step forward? Are there participants who always volunteer, always need to speak first, and perhaps need to step back a bit? How will you handle asking participants to "step forward" or "step back" without singling out individuals and putting them on the spot? If the group covenant includes this, refer to the covenant. Are participants treating one another in respectful ways? If not always, discuss how you can use the learnings from this workshop to remind the group, in the future, to be respectful. Do co-leaders feel their contributions are respected? Read the next workshop for any advance preparation needed and decide who will be responsible for what.Hoseasons Bassenthwai Read more [...] Place Category: Accommodation Set in the calming shadow of England's highest fells, overlooking Bassenthwaite Lake, BEST WESTERN PLUS Castle Inn Hotel is the ideal location to explore the northern region of the Lake District. From the mysterious trails through Dodd Wood to the glorious views of the surrounding countryside, we can safely say that all rooms come with a view! Add to that more local points of interest like a nesting site of the beautiful Osprey or the majestic Skiddaw Mountain, and you'll be hard pushed to find many better settings for a truly relaxing retreat... there really is something for everyone to enjoy! Our extensive leisure and conference facilities add another dimension to this excellent accommodation, while easy motorway access makes anything possible as far as getting out and about (and beyond) is concerned. The hotel has a bronze rating with Cumbria Business Environment Network Scheme, and the family run friendliness is never ending! For more information see the BEST WESTERN PLUS Castle Inn Hotel website Photos from around the surrounding areaA nebulizing diffuser helps to put a lot of aromatherapy into the air and is great for larger spaces or your living room. Did You Know? Up to 75% of your emotions can be attributed to just your sense of smell! That’s why using a diffuser on a daily basis can help you so much! The Main Problem That We All Face Do you know someone that is feeling down or is a little under the weather? Would you like a natural solution for balancing your emotions that really cranks out the aromatherapy? This diffuser is a good natural solution for you then! Top 3 Benefits Of A Nebulizing Diffuser 1.) Uses a jet or air blowing across a small tube to create a vacuum that pulls the oil at the bottom of the tube to the top of the tube. This state of the art technology is great since it doesn’t use any heat and retains the therapeutic value 2.) The airflow blowing across the surface of the oil at the top of the tube blows away a fine mist with a constant air supply source. This allows the diffuser to run on and off all day based on the settings you choose 3.) This type of diffusion can put a large amount of oil into the air in a short amount of time. This is great for living rooms or larger spaces. This Diffuser Goes Best With 1.) Wild orange oil: This is called the happy oil or oil of abundance for a reason! It smells like you just opened up a fresh orange and took a bite of it! 2.) Lavender oil: Known for its calming and relaxing benefits, lavender is an amazing oil that reduces stress and gets you in the mood for sleep like nobody’s business! 3.) Elevation oil blend: This is called the joyful blend because it helps with lifting your spirits when you’re feeling down or blue. A nebulizing diffuser offers you a waterless way to clean the air and uplift your mood. This particular model allows you to set it and forget it! What Are My Next Steps? The first thing to do is sign up for my FREE 4 part essential oil class online so you can learn more about natural solutions TODAY! P.S. Email me at firstname.lastname@example.org if you have trouble viewing this page or have any questions. Your Essential Oils Guide,The worlds of nature and humankind, Can ne’er within them ever find, Such vast array of power wrought, Than that produced by human thought. ‘Tis true that nature’s power can be, Great and fierce through wind and sea, But nature’s greatest law, you’ll find, Is a thermodynamic one in kind, Where, in stately rule is entropy – The rot and rust of all we see, But thought, her nature is to grow, By Divine spark her seeds are sown, And if Universal Law be known, To good soil those thought-seeds blown. What of nature’s life? I hear you say, But life is bound with death’s decay, A life is born and swept away, And only thoughts are here to stay, For to the grave great souls have passed, But their great thoughts have now surpassed The power of death and dark dismay, Their thoughts are with us now, today. Their good thoughts we can celebrate, The bad ones we can ruminate On lessons learned from anguish made, And vow to not repeat such trade Of egotistical charade. All around you, you can see The objects of mentality, The crafted thoughts of he, or she, From kindled spark has made there be A forest fire for you to use, To gaze upon, to wear or muse, And thought, by thought of others’ thought did build, Until our every need is filled, Our lives are free from wants or fears, By use of that between our ears. Now, thought may be for good or ill, But the law of Universal Will Shall return the thought with interest made, And upon the sender shall be laid Abundantly, the subject kept in mind, Whether it be harsh or kind, In proportion to the effort sought, In clarity of vision thought. With intention pure and purpose clear, The desired outcome will appear, If the grain be good, and the line be true, Free from blemish, through and through, The task now simple, the way more swift, The Master Craftsman makes no shrift But with purpose, did the cosmos bind, With Time and place and souls aligned. To make to plan the promised signed, By the one who forged them in his mind. So take ye heed of what I said, Sit in calm and use that head Of yours, and if you wish no wrong On anyone, then sing your song And weave your thoughts in fashion clear, With tenacious grip on those held dear, For you that toil and shall persist In mind will dissipate the mists That cloud your lives, confound your plans, For now, you have within your hands The greatest gift that we ere could find, Proper use of heart and mind.Author: Scott Hawkins Narrator: Hillary Huber An excellent dark fantasy. A lot of folks might categorize it as horror. Definitely not high/epic fantasy. The story is about a cult of young people with supernatural powers, ruled by an all-powerful “father”. The story is quite subversive and much of what’s really going on is hidden for most of the book. The Stephen King influence is obvious, but it actually reminded me a lot more of Neil Gaiman’s “American Gods”, though it was better, IMO. Very clever, fast-paced, humorous and witty. Check it out. The audio narration is perfect. Hillary Huber puts just the right tone into it. My rating: 4/5Lavender Oil, Epsom Salt, Sodium Chloride, Almond Oil, Glycerin, FragranceBuy Now Lemon Grass Oil, Epsom Salt, Sodium Chloride, Almond Oil, Glycerin, Lemon Oil, Fragrance, Neem Leaves.Buy Now Rose, Rose Petals, Epsom Salt, Sodium Chloride, Almond Oil, Glycerin, Geranium Oil, Magnesium Phosphate.Buy Now A blend of essential oils that produces sensations of relaxation and provides you complete freedom from stress. Aniseed, Ginger, Sandalwood, Rosemary, Amla, Lavender, Vetiver, Eucalyptus, Blackpepper, Almond, Sunflower.Buy Now A blend of pure essential oils which work to relax tight muscles and give relief from tension. It is perfect for a gentle massage to help relax, unwind and ensure a good night’s sleep. Geranium, Jasmine, Lavender, Patchouli, Sandal, Vetiver, Jatamansi, Ylang-Ylang, Almond, Sunflower.Buy Now a blend of oils which help in stimulating the nerves, improving blood circulation and relaxing the muscles. It provides total comfort from all stress in day to day life. Eucalyptus, Neem, Basil, Juniper Berry, Lemongrass, Wheat Germ, Ginger, Grape Fruit, Clove, Olive, Sesame Seed.Buy Now Specially designed with a soft, seductive scent blended for lovers, provides relaxation while stimulating the senses of both partners to explore the inner love. Orange, Rose, Geranium, Ylang-Ylang, Sandal, Jatamansi, Patchouli, Vanilla, Lavender, Clove, Sun Flower, Jojoba, AlmondBuy Now Coffee, Brown Sugar, Cinnamon, Anise oilBuy Now It helps to deeply clean and purify the skin, leaving it soft, pampered and conditioned. Cocoa Powder, Honey Extract, Turmeric Extract, Chamomile Oil, Raw Sugar.Buy Now It is food for the skin that nourishes and softens it and can be used by sensitive skin and as well as on babies. Olive Oil, Vitamin EBuy Now an intensive moisturizer that replenishes the skin with essential nourishment and helps to heal dry and chapped skin and leaves it soft and glowing. Avocado Oil (Persea Americana, Vitamin EBuy NowAudi A3 Sedan The Audi A3 Sedan has a sporty stance on the road, and it is precise and highly expressive in every detail. Its design is a cross between the classic three-box concept and the coupé philosophy. The "tornado line" design element forms a distinct light-refracting edge that runs over the entire side. The overhangs are short. The four-door car has a 2.64 meter (8.66 ft) long wheelbase and an overall length of 4.46 meters (14.63 ft). Above the side sills, the dynamic line rises more sharply than on the other two A3 models. The side surfaces are more intensively curved, and the wheel arches are slightly more flared. With a width of 1.80 meters (5.91 ft), the A3 Sedan is eleven mm (0.43 in) wider than the A3 Sportback; its height (1.42 meters [4.66 ft]) is still nine mm (0.35 in) lower than that of the Sportback. The four-door car also expresses independent lines in the contour of its hood, in the bumpers, air intakes and its implementation of the singleframe grille. At the rear, the spoiler is integrated in the trunk lid, and the lights emphasize the car's horizontal lines with their broad and low cuts. LED technology is available as an option. Audi will also be offering full-LED headlights right at market launch – their innovative technology and distinctive appearance underscore the exceptional positioning of the A3 Sedan. With a 1.4 TFSI engine, the sedan has a curb weight of just 1,250 kg (2,755.78 lb). Audi uses many hot-shaped steel parts in the passenger compartment for low weight and maximum strength, while the engine hood is made of aluminum. The body is very rigid, crash-safe and quiet. The strict dictate of lightweight design carries over into the interior and the engines as well. The four-cylinder engine weighs just over 100 kg (220.46 lb). When the Audi A3 Sedan launches in Germany and Europe, the engine line-up will consist of three four-cylinder engines. Completely redesigned, the engines bring together efficiency technologies from Audi – direct fuel injection, turbocharging, innovative thermal management and the start-stop-system. The line-up of engines and transmissions will grow further, and will include two new basic engines. The 2.0 TDI produces 110 kW (150 hp) and develops 320 Nm (236.02 lb-ft) of torque. It accelerates the A3 Sedan from 0 to 100 km/h (62.14 mph) in 8.7 seconds and takes it to a top speed of 220 km/h (136.70 mph). Its combined fuel consumption is 4.1 liters per 100 km (57.37 US mpg) – for a CO2 equivalent of 107 grams per km (172.20 g/mile). Key performance parameters of the 1.4 TFSI are 103 kW (140 hp) and 250 Nm (184.39 lb-ft). At low engine load, the COD (cylinder on demand) system deactivates two cylinders. The 1.4-liter engine gives the car a combined fuel consumption of just 4.7 liters fuel per 100 km (50.05 US mpg); its CO2 emissions are 109 grams per km (175.42 g/mile). It takes just 8.4 seconds to accelerate from 0 to 100 km/h (62.14 mph), and the car's top speed with this engine is 217 km/h (134.84 mph). The 1.8 TFSI produces 132 kW (180 hp) and 250 Nm (184.39 lb-ft) of torque. It utilizes an extensive package of high-end technologies, including dual injection into the combustion chambers and the induction manifold. It enables sporty performance, taking 7.3 seconds for the standard sprint to 100 km/h (62.14 mph) and reaching a top speed of 235 km/h (146.02 mph). Its combined fuel consumption is 5.6 liters per 100 km (42.00 US mpg), equivalent to 129 grams CO2 per km (207.61 g/mile). Depending on the engine, either a manual six-speed transmission or the S tronic is used. The dual-clutch transmission shifts the gears without any noticeable break in propulsive power. It is controlled by either the selector lever or paddles on the steering wheel. The D shifting map is laid out for maximum fuel efficiency, while the rev levels are somewhat higher in the sporty S mode. In cooperation with the Audi drive select vehicle dynamics system, the S tronic offers a free- wheeling function in its efficiency mode which further reduces fuel consumption. The pole position that the Audi A3 Sedan has enjoyed in its segment is largely due to its chassis engineering. Providing the foundation here is a finely balanced axle load distribution (60 percent front and 40 percent rear, varies somewhat for different engines). All engines are tilted twelve degrees towards the rear, while the front wheel suspensions are placed far forward. The front suspension is a MacPherson design with A-arms and aluminum pivot bearings. It is joined to an aluminum subframe. The electromechanically assisted steering system operates sensitively and efficiently together with various assistance systems. In the four-link rear suspension, which utilizes a steel crossmember, the springs and shock absorbers are mounted separately. The sport suspensions for the Ambition line and S line lower the body by up to 25 mm (0.98 in). The Audi A3 Sedan has 16- to 18-inch-wheels; quattro GmbH can also deliver wheels up to 19 inches in diameter. The front brake discs are internally ventilated. Electronic stabilization control or ESC also includes an electronic differential lock. In fast driving through curves, it brakes the inside front wheel very slightly to minimize understeering and improve traction. The interior of the Audi A3 Sedan is characterized by impressive attention to detail. The lines and surfaces are cleanly designed, and a long arc spans the width of the windshield. The instrument panel with its curved front is slender, and the center console is slightly turned towards the driver. The optional color display of the driver information system (DIS) shows im
ages in highly detailed 3D graphics. Starting with the MMI Radio system, the MMI operating system has an electrically extending screen. Its terminal is housed in the console of the center tunnel. The electromechanical parking brake is activated by a pushbutton. The steering wheel has either three or four spokes, depending on the version. The customer can also order the steering wheel with a flat bottom, multifunction keys and shift paddles. Audi can also install sport seats in the front as an option. They are standard in the Ambition line, where S sport seats with integrated head restraints are available as an option. The interior colors – black, titan gray, pashmina beige and chestnut brown – are based on the specific equipment line. The two-tone Audi design selection lasso brown creates an exclusive color world. The S line sport package, which can be ordered for the A3 Sedan Ambition, immerses the interior space entirely in black. Available upholstery materials include fabric covers, a mix of fabric and artificial leather, Milano leather and a combination of Pearl nappa leather and Alcantara. Thanks to the long wheelbase, rear passengers also enjoy ample space and comfortable entry. The cargo capacity of the trunk measures 425 liters (15.01 cubic feet). This capacity can be increased by folding down the rear seatbacks which come with a load-through hatch as an option. The trunk lid automatically swings upward after it is unlocked. Like its siblings in the model series, the A3 Sedan makes use of the new modular infotainment system (MIB). The top system is MMI Navigation plus with an SSD hard drive offering 64 GB of storage, a DVD drive and whole-word voice control. A high-resolution 7-inch-screen shows the map image in detailed 3D graphics. The MMI Navigation plus system interfaces to cell phones and mobile players via Bluetooth. The user terminal has a turn/push control designed as a "touchwheel" with MMI touch – the touchwheel's top surface is a touch-sensitive pad for inputting letters, symbols and numbers. Other infotainment components include a module for digital radio reception (DAB+), the Audi phone box for conveniently coupling a cell phone to the car antenna and the Bang & Olufsen sound system. Its 705 watt amplifier drives 14 loudspeakers in 5.1 surround sound, and LED light guides illuminate the woofer grilles in the front doors. Audi connect covers all technologies that network the driver with the car, the Internet, infrastructure and other vehicles. Audi has made the system even more appealing – whenever possible the connection to the Internet is run over the super-fast LTE standard. The LTE telephone module replaces the previous UMTS module here, which enables a download rate of up to 100 MBit/s in the car. Audi connect lets passengers conveniently surf and e-mail via an integrated WLAN hotspot. For the driver, it brings customized Internet services from Audi into the car. They range from navigation using images from Google Earth and Google Street View to Audi traffic information online and the smartphone app Audi music stream. News and information services complete the line-up. The online community services Facebook and Twitter are integrated in a vehicle- friendly way; along with a text-to-speech function, a practical text function is provided with prepared text units. A new Audi connect service that is making its debut in the A3 Sedan is parking space information. It shows information on parking spaces, parking garages and underground garages near a destination selected by the driver. Whenever possible, the service indicates the number of available spaces and parking fees. The street address of the parking space can be used as a navigation destination. The new Audi A3 Sedan is launching with a generous set of standard features. The package of restraint systems includes a knee airbag for the driver. The DIS with color display in the Ambition and Ambiente lines includes an efficiency program, gearshift indicator and rest recommendation feature. In addition, the Ambition line has a sport suspension, 17-inch-alloy wheels, sport seats and the Audi drive select system. The Ambiente line adds a cruise control system, interior LED lighting package and rear parking assistant. In addition to these standard features, Audi also offers other individual comfort and convenience options – such as a panoramic glass sunroof, convenience key, auxiliary heating and xenon-based adaptive lights. In conjunction with MMI Navigation plus, the lighting system utilizes route data to optimally illuminate the roadway depending on the driving situation. Optional driver assistance systems also come from the premium class. The adaptive cruise control (ACC) maintains a desired distance between the A3 Sedan and the vehicle in front of it up to a speed of 150 km/h (93.21 mph); with the assistance package, which combines multiple systems, the control range is extended up to 200 km/h (124.27 mph). When combined with S tronic, ACC also offers a stop&go function for low speeds. The rear radar sensor Audi side assist monitors lane changes, while Audi active lane assist helps the driver to keep within the lane by making slight corrections to the electromechanical steering as necessary. The video camera of Audi active lane assist is also used for traffic sign recognition. A high-end solution for convenient parking is park assist with display of the surroundings – it relieves the driver of steering work in parallel and perpendicular parking maneuvers. Another high-end option is the safety system Audi pre sense basic. Pre sense front is integrated in the adaptive cruise control system. In case of an imminent rear-end collision, the system warns the driver using a staged reaction strategy; if necessary, it can even initiate hard braking. In an emergency situation at speeds under 30 km/h (18.64 mph), Audi pre sense front can brake the A3 Sedan with nearly full braking power. If a crash occurs, the brake assist system avoids secondary collisions by ensuring that the car does not travel further in an uncontrolled manner. With the A3 Sedan, Audi is entering the world's strongest market segment, the class of compact sedans. In Germany and many European countries, the four-door car will be available at dealers late this summer. The base price for the 1.4 TFSI is around 25,000 euros. Just a few months after the launch of the new sedan model series, Audi will introduce the top model – the S3 Sedan. The 2.0 TFSI produces 221 kW (300 hp) and 380 Nm (280.27 lb ft) of torque. Its high-performance four-cylinder engine combines highly advanced efficiency technologies – dual fuel injection, exhaust manifold integrated in the cylinder head, the Audi valvelift system and a rotary valve module for thermal management. This version of the Audi S3 Sedan, paired with the S tronic, accelerates from 0 to 100 km/h (62.14 mph) in 4.9 seconds; with the manual transmission it takes 5.3 seconds. The car's top speed is electronically limited to 250 km/h (155.34 mph). The four-cylinder turbo has a combined fuel consumption of just 6.9 liters per 100 km (34.09 US mpg) or 7.0 liters (33.60 US mpg) (with S tronic or manual transmission), respectively – for a CO2 equivalent of 159 or 162 grams per km (255.89 or 260.71 g/mile). A fast-operating multi-plate clutch in the quattro drivetrain distributes forces to the front and rear axles (provisional data). The suspension lowers the body 25 mm (0.98 in). Large brakes are at work behind the standard 18-inch-wheels; the front discs are 340 mm (13.39 in) in diameter. The electrically assisted progressive steering varies the steering gear ratio – it is somewhat more indirect in the middle position, but very direct when large turns of the steering wheel are made. The Audi drive select vehicle dynamics system is standard, and the Audi magnetic ride damper control system is available as an option. Visually, the top model is distinguished by modifications to the bumpers, the singleframe grille, air intakes, exterior mirror housings, side sills and rear spoiler. The four oval tailpipes of the exhaust system are embedded in the diffuser with chrome trim. In the interior, the S3 Sedan offers sport seats (optional S sport seats), instruments with gray dials and trim strips in black 3D look. Source: Audi PressWar is a game-changer. It brings pain, destruction and death. It profoundly impacts the collective identity of societies and nations. It changes societies in ways that would have been unthinkable before. It creates new political forms. It changes strategy and tactics. It generates and spreads scientific discoveries that deeply affects geopolitics, the art of war and societies. It changes the balance of power, redraws maps and upsets geopolitics and status quo. Wars should thus be part of the issues and problems with which strategic foresight and warning deals. We are not only concerned with the potential escalation towards war, or the risk of war, which belongs directly and obviously to national security, but also with the war itself and its evolution, which should be monitored, while its strategic impact should be continuously assessed and scenarios for the future elaborated. Indeed, most analyses on the future should also pay attention to ongoing wars considering the scope and complexity of their impact. Meanwhile, actors dealing with regions where wars take place, or with actors involved in wars, from humanitarian and development NGOs to private corporations to, obviously, state and quasi-states actors and International Governmental Organizations. Considering its strategic regional and global impact, we started this section with Syria, added Ukraine and are starting working on Libya, while of course following the closely the War on The Caliphate. All wars, according to clients needs and interest could however be analyzed similarly. - Environment, Climate Change, War and State, by JM Valantin, 16 March 2015. - Democracy: the Key to Avoiding Future Wars? (3), by H Lavoix, 23 September 2013. - Democracy: the Key to Avoiding Future Wars? (2), by H Lavoix, 16 September 2013. - Democracy: the Key to Avoiding Future Wars? (1), by H Lavoix, 9 September 2013. Islamic State (ISIS/ISIL/Daesh) Enter the Portal to “War against the Islamic State” Enter the Portal to “War in Libya” Enter the “Portal to Strategic Intelligence Assessments for Syria” – Click on image below Enter the Portal to “War and Crisis in Ukraine“ The picture was made out of the following images (via Wikimedia Commons): - British Portex machine (BID/50) on display at Bletchley Park Enigma and Friends exhibit, put together by David White and John Alexander. This work has been released into the public domain by its author, Matt Crypto. This applies worldwide. - Rußland.- Sturzkampfbomber Junkers Ju 87 (“Stuka”) im Flug; Eins.Kp. Lw zBV Date 22 December 1943, Sowjetunion, Kursk.-Bundesarchiv, Bild 101I-646-5188-17 / Opitz / CC-BY-SA 3.0. - Outworking Unit- the Contribution of Outworkers To the War Effort, England, UK, 1944: Women inspect parts for Screw Machine Products Ltd at Hurley Works in Hurley, Berkshire. They are wearing overalls with the letters ‘CINO’ on them – This photograph was scanned and released by the Imperial War Museum on the IWM Non Commercial Licence. The image was catalogued by the IWM as created for the Ministry of Information, which was dissolved in 1946. Consequently the image and faithful reproductions are considered Crown Copyright, now expired as the photograph was taken prior to 1 June 1957. – This is photograph D 20947 from the collections of the Imperial War Museums. - Azaz, Syria during the Syrian civil war. 16 August 2012, Azaz residents pick up after aerial bombings. Bombed out buildings. 3 September 2012. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YvOZnXeJs3M&feature=plcp – Voice of America News: Scott Bob report from Azaz, Syria. Public Domain. - Checkmate photo by Alan Light – This file is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 3.0 Unported license. - Yalta Conference, February 1945. Original caption: “Conference of the Big Three at Yalta makes final plans for the defeat of Germany. Here the “Big Three” sit on the patio together, Prime Minister Winston S. Churchill, President Franklin D. Roosevelt, and Premier Josef Stalin. Behind them stand, from the left, Field Marshal Sir Alan Brooke, Fleet Admiral Ernest King, Fleet Admiral William D. Leahy, General of the Army George Marshall, Major General Laurence S. Kuter, General Aleksei Antonov, Vice Admiral Stepan Kucherov, and Admiral of the Fleet Nikolay Kuznetsov. February 1945. (Army) Exact Date Shot Unknown NARA FILE #: 111-SC-260486 WAR & CONFLICT BOOK #: 750′′ by DefenseImagery.mil (US Department of Defense) – Public Domain.The Hydrotherm Massage Designed by British sports and remedial therapist John Holman, Hydrotherm is an entirely unique way to receive massage using specially designed warm water cushions kept at a constant 37°C. These Hydrotherm cushions keep the whole body supported in perfect spinal alignment without the disruption or discomfort of having to turn over or lay face down. Hydrotherm promotes a tremendous feeling of well-being and enhances many of the known benefits of massage whether this is a full body, back neck and shoulder or facial massage. A revolutionary massage – Hydrotherm – the ultimate massage experience. Back & ShouldersHere's a cool little jam I did with my old friends when I went down to Naperville, IL. It has my friend Mario on the bass and Steve on the Guitar. I am playing the keyboard. I've always enjoyed the genre of funk because of the slapping/percussive element of the bass. It was awesome to find someone with such abilities. And Steve I think has a lot of funky-ness in his guitar. Here's the link. Check it out and tell me what you think. It's a little lower quality, because it was recorded on an iPhone.I realized, as I was closing in on the last day of discussing Gorgias in my Ethics class, that students were not quite as excited about this text as I am. Okay, that's an understatement. I suspected that they were lost and dazed and realized that this is not an ideal spot for students to be. So, I decided to go with the following in class. I told them that some students leave this text with one overarching question <dramatic pause> "Who cares?" or, put in slightly more sophisticated form, "Why should I care about Gorgias?" I then appointed one person to count the number of people in the class who were in this position while I stepped out of the room. In my first class only 5 people admitted to being in this position while in my 2nd class 21 people admitted to it. The first class was, as far as I'm concerned, lying. But the 2nd class, 21? Sheesh. Anyway, I then asked them to come with all the reasons someone might give for believing that they should not care about this text. After they did this (and I put all the reasons on the board), I asked them to now advocate on behalf of Socrates/Plato and respond to these reasons. I told them that some of the reasons while factually correct might not be good reasons for not caring and that others if they were factually correct probably would be good reasons and so the task with these was to figure out if the claims were factually correct. The take away of this was for students to really focus on what this dialogue is ultimately about. I wanted them really thinking about how this is relevant to their lives. The exercise worked quite well. But, it worked really well (and for my amusement) in my 2nd class. The reasons given were (a) it was written too long ago; (b) it's hard to understand; (c) it could have been said more simply and briefly; (d) not directly applicable to my job; (e) too long; (f) too confusing; (g) have to work with others to understand it; (h) no obvious right answer. Of course, there was also the 'not relevant to my life' reason, but the above reasons are all true of the dialogue while lack of relevance isn't obviously true. So, as they were working on determining whether any of these were good reasons for not caring (a philosophical exercise since we are interested in what counts as a good reason for something). I zipped upstairs to get my copy of, wait for it, the Bible. :-) Of course, as soon as they saw it, many immediately realized my point. As, well, it also has characteristics (a) - (h) above. And then, since many of the students in this class are interested in heading off to law school, I noted that the Constitution also has these characteristics. It was fun to see their reactions to this and to hear them say that they supposed that what they really were saying is that they didn't like to work and liked things to just be handed to them. Fair enough. Who doesn't? Anyway, we then discussed what the dialogue is really about (beyond the plot) which worked easily since our first reading was a Pulitzer prize winning play and we'd already established that texts can be about more than the plot. They did admit the given the topic of the dialogue "how should we live life so that we are most happy with the life we have lived?" that maybe, just maybe, this is still relevant to their lives. It was fun. They had fun and, I think, really learned something. What else can a person ask for?Saturday, 30 August 2008 Blog Candy Now Closed Well my mum put the number of ribbons in an envelope so I don't even know who has won yet. My mum and I are now going to check every post and I will announce the winner at 6pm. Thanks so much to everyone who entered and visited my blog, hopefully some of you will continue to visit in the future. I have had a great time reading all your comments and storage ideas, and hopefully there will be more blog candy to follow!!!Using Sony Acid Music Studio 9 for Podcasts I have been using Sony products for podcasting ever since I started. The price is right ($50-100), it works better than Audacity and I have many options for expansion and creating templates. Best yet – I’ve been using this product for over 10 years to not only make podcasts, but also record music tracks for podcasts and other needs. Back in May, I created a how-to video on using Sony Acid 9.0. This first video introduces you to Sony Acid and how you can use it to build a podcast. It’s part of a series, which I spent the summer putting together. Now its time to release the first part of this series for free to you! Of course, the series is part of a personal course. If you would like to know more, please contact me on how you can get one-on-one time for your podcast! Get Sony Music Studio 9 for Under $50 at B&H! Topics of Podcasting in Sony Acid - Set up a new Project - Walkthrough the tools of Sony Acid 9 - How I use Acid to create Day in Tech History podcast - Plugin manager - Setup cache drives, memory management - Recording audio files - Work with audio files – splicing - Basic video editing - Exporting audio Do You Want to Know More About Sony Acid? If you want to learn more about recording podcasts in Sony Acid, contact me and we can set up instruction time on how to use this program. Remeber: Sony Music Studio 9 is at B&H for under $50!Queens native and business mogul Mike Repole has one horse in the Kentucky Derby – Stay Thirsty, after Uncle Mo was scratched Friday. The Vitamin Water co-founder and Pirate Brands chairman chronicles his week leading up to the Run for the Roses in a daily diary for The Post. As told to Dylan Butler. LOUISVILLE, Ky. — The decision to scratch Uncle Mo came after trainer Todd Pletcher and I spoke with the three vets that examined him the day before. Even though we waited for the three vets who were going to get back to us with their analysis and opinions, I was 100 percent sure Thursday morning that Uncle Mo was not going to be in the starting gate. Todd and I sat in his office and I asked him if he wanted to run Uncle Mo in this race. Todd very adamantly with caring said, “I do not want to run this horse.” Right there, I knew even with 100 percent medical clearance, I was not going to overrule the best trainer on earth, someone who cares for his horses’ health more than his own. As bad as I want to win this Derby, I would never put my ego over Uncle Mo or any horses’ health, even a $5,000 claimer at Finger Lakes. I spent Thursday pondering the realization that the dream of running Uncle Mo in the Derby was over and I had to deal with it and accept it before my 95 friends and family came to town. Thursday night, we went to a great restaurant and I emotionally addressed my family and friends and told them Uncle Mo will not be in the starting gate for the Kentucky Derby, but how fortunate and blessed we are that even though Uncle Mo will not be a starter, we have Stay Thirsty in the race. Yesterday morning we called a press conference, where Todd and I were going to make the announcement and 300 reporters from around the globe were there. I envisioned a press conference like that to talk about Uncle Mo, but I really thought it would happen 6:45 p.m. Saturday after winning the Kentucky Derby, not 8:45 a.m. Friday. This is not a tough decision. It was the right decision. Even though I’m disappointed, I felt a sense of relief right after the announcement because I knew it was so right. Later yesterday, my friends and family members went to an infield suite. We ate, we drank, we gambled and watching everyone have so much fun, myself included, was so enjoyable. Finally after a week of being here, I started to enjoy the moment. Uncle Mo is 100 percent physically fit and there is no doubt in mind that there are other trainers and owners who would have run this horse in this race. But not Todd Pletcher or Mike Repole. Even though this has been one of the toughest, emotional months I’ve had, if Stay Thirsty gets into the starting gate today, my 30-year dream of having a Kentucky Derby starter will come true. In the early betting, he is 16-1, and he’s training great. Imagine if he wins? Think big, dream bigger.Beautiful! We bought a really "rough" looking tree this year and it sprang to life in our home. Sniff, sniff... Merry Christmas!Mechelle Merry Christmas, Mechelle, to you and your family. Thank you for the great Christmas reminder. Have a wonderful day! Thanks, Miki. Happy New Year, too! Post a Comment Enter your email address: Delivered by FeedBurnerGood Evening Everyone Our Journey into my Flip Album continues with this page from our Christmas in New York a few years ago. We loved New York and took so many photos that there will have to be more than one page for it! Needless to say, this was the winter we had all the really bad snow and New York got it too, as my next page (page 4) will show you! I hope you like this page, I really enjoyed creating this one, love the colours, the patterned papers and the fact that, for once, I have only used 3 photos! Here it is, let me know if you like it :-)Washington University in St. Louis seniors (from left) Kranti Peddada, Kendall Gretsch and Henry Lather designed and built a robotic prosthetic arm for 13-year-old Sydney Kendall (center left). Sunlight seeps into the bustling DeLaMare atrium on a sunny Tuesday afternoon as visitors arrive to hang out around the 3D printers and observe the progress of their projects. For over 20 years, people have depended on Printer Repair Depot to keep their home and office equipment running with professional, prompt, and reliable service. Whereas, non-impact printers do not actually touch the paper, they generally use the blower or bubble technology to take a print out. You would be pleased to know that personal laser toner printers are actually very affordable. Ears made with the aid of printers could be useful for people who have lost their own ears due to injury or disease. I hope I don't need to use a printer repair company any time soon, but if I do, I will be going back to Printer Repair Depot. Products of HP corporation, whose plotters cost not so much, but at the same time produce excellent printings, can meet the needs of every client. This year, the people of N
orth Carolina have a chance to guarantee their right to repair their equipment—like tractors, farm equipment, digital equipment, and even cell phones. Some companies will actually take away your old computers, printers and cartridges and other unwanted hardware, they may give you money or coupons that can be used for future purchases. Your card printing equipment is repaired within 24-48 hours of receipt at Canada's Card Printer Repair and Service Center, and then shipped right back to you. Help us help you today and call for computer repair in Lanham, Maryland and coast to coast. naprawa ploterów up for Staples email and get daily deals, exclusive offers and more delivered directly to you! In the first six months alone that the program was up an running in Mozambique, 20, 000 results were relayed to the printers. An inexpensive HP DesignJet plotter will suit also for working at small offices, where a wide-format printing is sometimes needed. DKC Associates (Canada's Card Printer Repair and Service Center) has been repairing plastic card printers and badging systems for over 25 years, and is your best solution for quick professional service. This year, New York could be the first state in the nation to pass the Fair Repair Act, S618. Just fire up Stalled serwis ploterow z Poznania next time you're staring at a stuck job in the print queue that won't be deleted. Wireless printers offer extra convenience, negate the need for cables, and some allow you to print from smartphones and tablets. He briefly chatted with civil engineering senior Alicia Veach, who is planning to use the 3D printers to create miniature prototypes of the concrete canoes she and her team use in racing competitions around the country. Engineers removed the guts from standard serwis ploterow HP and replaced them with cell-phone technology. The important difference between impact and non-impact printers is that impact printers are much noisier. Second, you can purchase a refill kit off of eBay or Amazon or the links to refill places on this page and refill the ink USING THE STARTER CARTRIDGE THE PRINTER CAME WITH!If your going to have cobbler, you must have ice cream. I found this in some old Cowboy Kitchen recipe papers. I am sure it was never served out on the trail, but at the bunk house often. If you are going to make your owe ice cream, do it right. The buttermilk makes it much richer. Buttermilk Ice Cream 1 cup water 1 cup sugar 2 cups buttermilk juice of 1 lime 1 tablespoon corn syrup pinch of salt 1 teaspoon lime zest, grated In a 8" or 10" dutch oven, combine the water and sugar, bring to a boil. Remove form heat and let cool, then refrigerate until chilled. Add the buttermilk, lime juice, corn syrup, salt, and zest. Freeze in an ice cream churn according to machine instructions. Dick Stucki, made ice cream, and won the first World Champion Cook-off some 24-25 years ago. I bet some of you didn't know WCCO was that old.Everyone has the occasional forgetful moment, but generally speaking, aging is not the cause of cognitive decline. Eating a well-balanced diet, getting adequate sleep and exercising regularly are the basic fundamentals of maintaining brain health. Take a step further and stay mentally agile through the Golden Years by using these strategies to protect and sharpen your mind: Keep learning. Continuing education is a proven way to maintain healthy brain activity and problem solving skills. Whether you channel learning opportunities through your job, hobby or learning a new skill, challenge your brain with mental exercises that stimulates communication among brain cells. Read (not watch) the news. Keeping up with current events and affairs is one of the best ways to stay in touch with the world and your local community. It may be easier to sit on the couch and let the local news anchor tell you what’s happening in the world around you, but reading the newspaper or even scrolling through your Twitter feed activates your brain from an analytical perspective. It is also a good idea to read at least one article with an opposing opinion every day. Your brain chemistry is stimulated by competing knowledge or dissenting opinion. Repeat to remember. Just like learning your multiplication tables in grade school, repetition is key to learning. When you want to remember something – a person’s name, a neat fact, an important date – repeat it out loud three times then write it down to reinforce the memory or connection. Meditate and think happy thoughts. You work hard, and so does your brain. Give it a break by promoting positivity and meditating for 10-20 minutes every day. Positive emotions improve your ability to process information and reduce stress. As you meditate, think about a time or person in your life that made you truly happy. Imagine everything about the experience – from the smells to the weather to the dialogue and feelings. The memory alone will spark connections in the brain to improve your mood. Exercise. Regular exercise is a fundamental way to maintain brain health. Cardiovascular activity pumps oxygen-rich red blood cells and nutrients to the brain that helps promote brain cell functionality. For more ways to stay sharp during Grow Month, check out the activity schedule for more ways to improve wellness and feed your mind.Single Family Home - WESLEY CHAPEL, FL Exquisite European Cottage style home in the gated village of Toscana in Estancia! This executive SMART home is located on a private cul-de-sac with serene conservation and pond views. Pride of ownership shows! You’ll be greeted with plentiful landscaping, stone accents and pavered driveway. Formal dining area is exquisite with a stone accent wall. Family room has a soaring 2-story height accented by an impressive floor to ceiling sand brick fireplace, custom shelving and large picture windows for an abundance of natural light. The gourmet kitchen has a gleaming stainless steel appliance package, SubZero refrigerator, Quartz counters, solid wood cabinetry with custom tile backsplash, and rich wood ceiling beams. The owner’s retreat is spacious with a double tray ceiling and the master bath feels like a spa with Quartz counters, garden tub and oversized walk in shower. The master closet features custom built in shelving. This sought after floor plan features another bedroom with full bath downstairs. The rich wooden staircase leads to a large open loft, 3 generous sized bedrooms, & 2 full baths. Fall in love with the outdoor living space! French doors lead to pavered lanai with exquisite deep blue pool. Screened lanai is accented with 2 lava fire water bowls, a 1000 gallon koi pond, and plenty of entertaining space to sit and relax with friends or family. This immaculate home offers upgrades throughout! Located close to I-75/ I-275 interstate access, Florida Hospital, USF, Wiregrass Mall & New Outlet Mall. Would you like more information regarding this property? Please call (813) 972-3430. Data Provided by: My Florida Regional MLSPlants have been shown to be able to assess risks and adopt strategies suited based on the circumstances to maximise their chances of producing offspring. Tephritid fruit flies lay their egg in seeds inside the fruit of European Barberry (Berberis vulgaris) plants. When the larva develops it eats the seeds as its start to life. Like some other plants, the barberry has evolved a defense, which botanists call “selective seed abortion”. This highly targeted capacity allows it to shut down the development of an infected seed, killing the parasite. Most barberry fruits contain two seeds. Aborting one protects the other from being eaten by the larva. However, Dr Hans-Hermann Thulke of the University of Gottingen has shown in The American Naturalist the barberry's capacities go much further. In those cases where a fruit contains only a single seed the plant usually does not abort it, even though this means it invests energy that will likely not only never lead to offspring, but will breed another generation of parasites to torment it in future. This may seem an irrational choice, but Thulke makes the case that this is actually a sensible strategy. "If the Barberry aborts a fruit with only one infested seed, then the entire fruit would be lost. Instead it appears to 'speculate' that the larva could die naturally, which is a possibility. Slight chances are better than none at all," he says. Only 5% of infected single seed fruit are aborted, whereas when one of two seeds contains a parasite egg the plant will shut it down 75% of the time. Abortion was also higher when the plants were suffering water stress, indicating that resource limitation was also taken into account. When a seed had been aborted and the second seed subsequently becomes infested the plant was just as unlikely to abort it as if it was a the only seed in the fruit. A related plant, Mahonia aquifolium, that has only had a common range with the fruit fly for 200 years has not developed the same defenses, indicating the barberry's response is the result of longstanding attack by the fly. "This anticipative behaviour, whereby anticipated losses and outer conditions are weighed up, very much surprised us. The message of our study is therefore that plant intelligence is entering the realms of ecological possibility," says Thulke. As the paper notes, “Behavior is traditionally attributed to animals only. Recently, evidence for plant behavior is accumulating, mostly from plant physiological studies.” Yet the processes required make this the most complex example yet observed. The authors note, “Ecological evidence for complex decision making in plants thus includes a structural memory (the second seed), simple reasoning (integration of inner and outer conditions), conditional behavior (abortion), and anticipation of future risks (seed predation).”ENN ~ Jason Sole reporting on: Vietnam ~ Marine eco-system devastation : River fish dying in unusually large numbers due to high levels of toxicity in ocean and rivers around Vietnam. Japan ~ Massive die-back of living fossil, Horse-shoe crab, off the coast of Japan. Closely monitored by environmentalists, who ascertain that this die back is 8x greater than ever experienced off coast of Japan. Oceans being negatively impacted by mankind’s commerce, industry, etc. which is driving the ‘6th Great Extinction’ in the marine food system. Impact of Oceans upon regulating climate ~ UCLA study reported that “Drought set to become “New Normal” in California, in near future. Bees ~ a recent scientific study (USA) concluded on impact of insecticides, fungicides and herbicides on bees, causing a disorder known as ‘colony collapse.’By John Hubbuch It is not often that an organization gets a chance to address same emergency in the same month, but Monday and Tuesday's predicted deep freeze give both Oak Park schools and its post office that very opportunity. Whatever they did wrong they have the opportunity to correct. coincidentally both emergencies happened on a Monday. At least this time there will not be a foot of new fallen snow. This is relatively easy for District 97 and 200. If you closed 3 weeks ago because you feared for student safety in 40 degree below windchill, then you close again for minus 40 degree below windchill. I suppose you do have some concern that you will have to make up these days at the end of the school but the prospect of frost bitten children trumps that and other concerns. Now the post office is another story. It failed to deliver mail for a week last time, and people were really mad. The problems were multiple, but lots of mail carriers were sick, called in sick, couldn't get in or used personal days. One could speculate the same folks might not show up again. I'm sure morale is terrible. Almost certainly streets and sidewalks will be more accessible this time than last. We shall see. I thought do overs were only for youth sports. Looks like the post office is going to get a do over of its own. Answer Book 2017 To view the full print edition of the Wednesday Journal 2017 Answer Book, please click here. Sign-up to get the latest news updates for Oak Park and River Forest. |Submit Letter To The Editor| |Place a Classified Ad|The expression "wiggle-room" takes on new meaning when Emilia Boshe enters the living room and jiggles and wiggles her massive congas that are nestled in a white bra and tight blue top. She loosens her top and her tits begin to escape their confinement as she keeps wiggling. Holding her world-wide whoppers in her hands--which are dwarfed by the sheer size of her twins--Emilia bounces them. She stands up and towers over our cameraman while she wobbles them from side to side. Feel like you're standing on the deck of a boat bobbing in the ocean? Emilia has that effect on tit-lovers. Emilia manages to shoehorn her jugs into a halter top that has no chance of containing them, then she changes into a tight green top and continues her hands-free, side-to-side wiggling. If you're not dizzy by now, you have excellent sea legs.Foster an ecology-based evolution of the local community through advocacy, education, and practical assistance. Restore the best practices of the past and advance the most regenerative design principles of our time. We chose the dragonfly, Erythemis Simplicicollis, commonly known as the Eastern Pondhawk, as the symbol of the Ecological Culture Initiative. Native to the eastern two-thirds of the United States, Erythemis represents self-realization, transformation, and depth of understanding. We could think of no more fitting visual metaphor for the goals ECI has set for the community of Hampton Bays. Evolving from a water dwelling nymph, adult dragonflies eat other flying insects, particularly disease bearing pests such as midges and mosquitoes. The brief existence of a dragonfly relies upon the purity of air, earth, and water, and is connected to each by complex biological interactions that are markers of ecosystem health. Who We Are Founded in January of 2016, the Ecological Culture Initiative (ECI) is a local non-profit that develops environmental programing and field projects in collaboration with community groups, cultural institutions, and government. Operating out of the historic Foster House in the Hamlet of Hampton Bays, NY, ECI seeks to build upon the insightful protection of an 1858 farmhouse home and its surrounding property through landmark status and conservation easements. ECI develops permaculture-based pilot projects throughout the community under the umbrella title of the Good Ground Restoration Project. The Ecological Culture Initiative is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization. Donations are tax deductible to the full extent permitted by law. Why Operate from Good Ground? Of all the Villages and Hamlets on the East End of Long Island, Hampton Bays (Southampton Township’s central and largest year-round population) stands uniquely poised to serve as a model of environmental tourism, historic preservation, and transit-oriented regenerative neighborhood development. Originally settled by farmers and fisherman as Good Ground, it was renamed Hampton Bays in 1922 to entice tourism. Roughly 90 miles from the economic engine of New York City and served by a major highway as well as the Long Island Railroad, no other East End community boasts the municipal infrastructure and coastal recreation amenities native to Hampton Bays. Passengers who disembark from the train arrive in the center of a pedestrian-oriented hamlet that boasts gourmet local food sources, a laid-back Main Street, as well as extensive woodlands and waterways that are home to abundant wildlife. The post office, community center, grocery store, eateries, salons, shops, movie theater, village green, American Legion, fire department, ambulance corps, schools, library, nature preserve, undeveloped publicly-owned land, and densely-populated residential neighborhoods are steps away from the station. A short distance from main street by bicycle or car you are greeted with historic cedar-sided cottages, hiking, mountain bike and horse trails in bucolic pine-barrens, wetlands, waterfront restaurants and resorts. There are bays to snorkel and scuba dive in, canoe, kayak or sail on, as well as spectacular undeveloped and protected barrier island beach parklands. The hamlet features county parks that allow camping as well as numerous town parks and trustee lands that provide a plethora of water access points. What We Do Our vision is that of a pedestrian-friendly, welcoming, historic Main Street composed of local eateries and shops, owned by local people who ensure they are provisioned by local organic farms and sustainable wild fisheries, in buildings constructed with natural materials, serviced by local tradespeople, and populated by the society of beachgoers, families, fisherman, intellectuals, surfers, vacationers, and lovers of the outdoors who have always worked and played on the waters and in the woods in which we dwell. Hampton Bays is at a crossroads - it may be fully transformed by the suburban sprawl that defines so many Long Island communities and become an ecologically-destructive neighborhood of franchise-operated storefronts surrounded by concrete and asphalt - an automobile-based network of harmful septic practice beneath uncharacteristic, synthetic storefronts and homes. The goal of ECI's Good Ground Restoration Project is to preserve the components of the community we value and advance the interests of the community in a sustainable way. We raise funds to tirelessly advocate, educate, counsel, secure and help build an ecologically-responsible neighborhood. In this effort we support and enhance the initiatives of our local government and civic groups and fill the gaps between the public and non-profit organizations that govern how our community evolves. We work to conserve the fine small homes on our avenues and the quaint cedar-sided cottages at the end of unpaved driveways. We advance the evolution of an ecologically-minded landscape inclusive of undeveloped woodlands, small-farms, marsh-fronted properties, and the healthy waterways that are the keystones to our physical and economic health.I can’t believe how fast the last 3 years have gone! My boy is growing up way too fast. For my sons 3rd birthday we decided to have a farm party as he loved animals. We booked A Farmyard on Wheels to visit us after seeing them visit our neighbours for parties. (I very highly recommend them. Their animals were clean, healthy and well looked after, the staff were friendly and they arrived early to ensure they were set up on time) Then a lot of online searching for party ideas followed. My sister and I made a barn and a tractor from cardboard boxes which I had been keeping. I also decided to buy some bales of straw to help convert our garage into a barn theme. For the food I saw lots of cute ideas for farm themed food online, such as Pigs in Mud (chocolate mousse), Farm Pond (jelly with a frog), Animal Sandwiches, Chicken feed (crisps), Tractor Wheels (Oreo’s), Farm Apple Pies and Mini Quiches. For the cake I went for the easy option, making a simple barn and cupcake animals which I found on many websites. Then I was lucky enough to find mini milk bottles on Gumtree for sale so I could make ‘Moo Juice’ (berry milkshakes) with paper straws for the children. I also made labels for the children’s juice bottles and all the water bottles. Our neighbour lent us her wheelbarrow which I used for the drinks (Watering Hole!) Most farms grow vegetables so I set up a Vegetable Planting table for the little farmers to pot some tomato or baby carrot seedlings. My husband bought a photo booth picture but we had a few issues trying to get it to stand up. Luckily our neighbours were visiting and were able to help us out with ideas so we attached it to our ladder. (They even got roped into helping my mum make the sandwiches, which I’m very grateful for!) We decided to try and dress like farmers too. Buying size 3 overalls for my son in summer was a challenge but my sister luckily found a pair at a Good Sammy store. I bought a wig and my hubby had a bandanna. It was too hot to wear our gumboots so we used them as a display instead. We also bought farm hats for all the children to wear too. For party favours I decided to go lolly free as the children would have had lots of sugar at the party. I found some barnyard colouring in books, make a barn stickers and farm stickers. There was also a wooden paddle ball and some plastic farm animals. I put them into little tins for the children. It was great to see the children (and adults too!) enjoying themselves. If you’d like to see a VIDEO of the day, click below“Take it to the wall” is a phrase from the theater community I worked with last summer. What we meant was that when a youngster was being obnoxious, disrupting the flow of camp, or really challenging us staffers in whatever way (and oh did they have ways), we challenged ourselves to not disengage from them. We challenged ourselves to keep loving them and working with them beyond where we felt at the end of our ropes, and then beyond again. To gather as a staff to debrief, process, and together keep loving the camper all the way through everything, all the way “to the wall.” Difficult things are often the most educational things. There is great learning opportunity in feeling worn down and tired, especially if I ask myself lots of questions. My visiting sister commented on a quote in my bedroom, one that I posted recently. The page says “Justice is what love looks like in public” (Cornel West). The words are written in black sharpie, with red barbed-wire-like accents. I remember feeling angry when I posted it on the wall. Frustrated at how I had thus far failed to articulate to my housemates the crux of my faith, that love be followed to the wall. As a house, here in Atlanta, we have been gathering to see how far we can push love. We are stepping on each others toes, pushing each others boundaries, and when we have time, getting into important conversations. “The wall” of loving the world is in a different place for everyone, we all have our own processes of loving the world. I choose today to not go to meeting in order to catch some desperately needed alone time to figure out what’s going on in me. I want us to do more. I know that we are more capable of investing in justice in our daily living and eating. I also know that to me it is a consequence of living my faith. To see us invest as a faith community in factory meat industries and abusive labor situations breaks my heart. I see it as being just as hypocritical as the high & mighty Churches that I struggle so much with. Is one of the gifts I bring to our community, the gift of personal struggle made public? The gift of pushing us? I was raised as a polite person; I am very good at reading people’s energies and giving them what I think they want. I am an unfortunately practiced people pleaser. It can be useful, but more often detrimental. I’m not accustomed to being the person that makes the whole community fidget uncomfortably, or who brazenly pisses people off. It may involve anguish as well, but only a process that moves forward in love can have a loving product. My question for myself then in this time of learning is this: how can I push my community further, in love? The construction paper “Welcome Friends” bubble-cut letters are still taped up in our kitchen from the Open House we had for Atlanta Friends Meeting (AFM) last night. Potluck style, of course, dinner drifted into conversation, which carried on until the songbooks came out. There were Friends I’ve come to know quite well, Friends I was meeting for the first time, young Friends, older Friends, and even a Friendly dog. It was designed to be a gift to AFM; a way we could open our lives to those who put so much love into our program. To me though this morning, their spirits still linger here. The songs are being savored and re-sung in the wood floors, the kitchen table is warm with company, and unspoken about barriers in the house have been lifted. At a time when the QVS-ers were beginning to feel worn down and tired, AFM gifted us again by leaving our house feeling open and renewed. I can’t believe it’s been six weeks since we all moved to Atlanta to start QVS. In some ways, it feels like we’ve been here forever–we have routines in place for cooking and cleaning, we’ve figured out how to get to work on time, we know which days to gather for house events–but at the same time we’re still learning how we fit into our new lives here. I don’t have a car, so I’m definitely still working out how to get around Atlanta. At work, I am also starting to settle into a routine. I love my work at the Frazer Center, a community for adults and young children at all levels of ability and disability to “gather, learn, and flourish.” I spend my time in the children’s program as a floating assistant teacher. That me
ans that every day, I show up to work and find out which classroom I’ll be assisting in. Classrooms are grouped by age, not ability, and we have multiple classrooms at each age level. On any given day, I could be working with infants (the youngest at the Center are six weeks old) to five-year-olds in Pre-K. It’s a great experience to get to know so many children and teachers and begin to develop relationships with them. Just because I have routines established doesn’t mean that life is getting easy. I’m definitely starting to feel the physical and emotional strain of working a 40-hour week with young children who are sick with lots of different kid germs, while still trying to stay connected and engaged with the community that’s forming here as well as the community I left at home. I was talking with Becca after work today about the kinds of challenges we’re starting to feel in a very real way now, and I remembered saying–before I started QVS, as I was thinking about the program from my home in Philadelphia–that this would all be an adventure. Moving far away from my family would be hard, and living in community would be a rewarding but time- and energy-intensive process, and I just wasn’t going to know in advance everything that would happen. I think of adventures in the abstract as exciting times of growth and change and discovery, and I had to some extent forgotten that my adventure wasn’t just going to be the highlight reel. Still, I feel like QVS was set up well to help us work through our challenges. There are a number of people who I think to talk to immediately–Christina, my spiritual nurturer, QVS Board members, my supervisors at work–but something that’s unexpectedly wonderful is the support of Atlanta Friends Meeting. Every time I come home, I see a physical reminder of the love and care with which they set up this beautiful space for us. Every time I go to Meeting, I talk with Friends who care about this project. I feel like I have a lot to grow into, but I am as excited as everyone else in our extended community to see how the adventure unfolds.The ED NEWS A Blog with News and Views of Critical Education Issues “You’re never going to learn something as profoundly as when it’s purely out of curiosity.” LAUSD Reinforces Protections for Undocumented Families The LAUSD board on Tuesday approved some additional policies to offer protections for undocumented families. A story in Wednesday’s L.A. Times reviews the school board’s actions. “Among the safeguards in the sweeping set of guidelines: No immigration officers will be allowed on campus without clearance from the superintendent of schools,” it points out, “who will consult with district lawyers. Until that happens, they won’t be let in, even if they arrive with a legally valid subpoena.” Peter Greene, on his CURMUDGUCATION blog, takes apart a recent speech delivered by Sec. of Ed. Betsy DeVos that was highly critical of traditional public education. DeVos’ solution for the problems she identifies as plaguing public schools–more school “choice,” of course. We’ve heard all this before. Greene titles his essay “DeVos: Boldly Trampling Pubic Education.” “It may be worth it to hold your nose and read the whole speech, because it is shaping up to be a good capsule of the DeVos manifesto for education. It’s an ugly, anti-democracy, ill-informed, anti-public education song,” he complains, “but I’m afraid we’ll be listening to it for a while.” On Wednesday, Betsy DeVos delivered the commencement address at Bethune-Cookman University, an historically black school in Florida. Her reception was less than cordial. Graduates attempted to drown out her speech with boos, despite being threatened by the president of the school. A number of students and a few faculty members turned their backs as she was speaking. A group of protesters held signs outside the ceremony decrying DeVos’s appearance on the campus in Daytona Beach. An item from the HUFFPOST provides additional details of this latest expression of disdain for the Sec. of Ed. “DeVos’ speech ignited immediate controversy when it was announced earlier this month, and students criticized the school for selecting her,” it reports, “after she downplayed the role of racism in the creation of historically black colleges and universities. Protesters on Tuesday delivered petitions to the school’s leaders, calling on them to cancel DeVos’ speech due to her ignorance of HBCUs and lack of support for student loan borrowers. Organizers said they had collected 50,000 signatures.” Betsy DeVos was invited back in February to address the annual convention of the Education Writers Association taking place between May 31 and June 2. The EWA got no response despite renewing the offer several times. Late last month a representative of the Dept. of Education called to decline the invitation due to conflicts with DeVos’s schedule. Valerie Strauss, on her “Answer Sheet” blog for THE WASHINGTON POST has a brief story on the situation. “DeVos has not made herself easily available — or available at all — to reporters who are covering her,” Strauss complains, “and the Education Department does not always respond to questions posed by education journalists. Now she is declining an opportunity to address the journalists who cover her. Some would call that a missed opportunity.” Strauss reprints a statement from the EWA and a tweet from Joy Resmovits, education reporter for the L.A. Times, both expressing their disappointment that DeVos couldn’t see fit to address the gathering. SAD! The Teaching Profession How would you rate the professional development at your school? Thumbs up or thumbs down? Linda Yaron, a National-Board certified teacher in Los Angeles, applies the 5 journalistic Ws. who, what, when, where and why, to the presenting of “quality professional development.” Her lesson appears on the “CTQ Collaboratory” column for EDUCATION WEEK. “Throughout my career, I’ve been fortunate to both create and participate in PD that has fundamentally changed my teaching practice and made me a better teacher. I’ve also experienced PD that had little or even negative impact,” she relates, “These drastically different experiences have left me thinking more deeply about how we can create meaningful and purposeful opportunities for educators to enhance their classroom practice.” Yaron offers a list of things “quality PD isn’t” and then applies the 5 Ws to some guiding principles for excellent PD. The Schools of Opportunity program singles out exemplary schools based on various characteristics. Valerie Strauss, on her blog for The Washington Post has been featuring some of the gold and silver winners of the 2015-16 year. Guest bloggers have named the schools and described why they were selected. Kevin Welner, co-founder of the Schools of Opportunity program and Linda Molner Kelly, co-director of the project, describe two silver winners who treat teachers like professionals, a rather rare occurrence these days. The 2 campuses? Urbana High School in Urbana, Illinois and Northwest High School in Germantown, Maryland. This is the twelfth in a series of columns Strauss has presented on the award winners. “Teachers are the backbone of any school, but it is not unusual to hear them lament the lack of support and opportunities they receive,” Welner and Kelley write, “as they shoulder the responsibility for student success. This is because we rarely treat teachers like other professionals who, as an integral part of their work, receive regular opportunities to participate in specialized learning to enhance their repertoires as they stay on top of the newest developments in their fields.” National Teacher Appreciation Week wraps up today. Steven Singer, on his GADFLYONTHEWALLBLOG, thinks it’s a good idea to “appreciate” teachers but it should last all year–not just during one week. He’s not real enthusiastic about how attitudes towards educators are playing out these days. You could probably tell that from the title of his commentary: “Teacher Appreciation Week is a Pathetic Joke!” “If we really appreciated teachers, we’d hire more of them. We wouldn’t demand they do more with less. When we were deciding school policy at any level – federal, state or local – we’d include them in the process – in fact, they’d be the deciding factor!. . . . If we really appreciated teachers,” he suggests, “we’d respect them as professionals, and we’d pay them accordingly. We’d respect their rights to a positive working environment both for themselves and for our own children.” As National Teacher Appreciation Week ends today (see above), veteran teachers in New Orleans who were in the system both before and after Hurricane Katrina devastated the city are feeling a bit unappreciated . After the storm, the Queen City became a guinea pig for the corporate “reformers,” privatizers and their allies who transformed the district into a nearly 100% charter experiment. How are teachers feeling about all this? Andrea Gabor’s blog explores this intriguing topic through data from a newly released poll by the Educational Research Alliance (ERA) at Tulane University. “In New Orleans, with a teacher cadre plagued by high turnover and sparse classroom experience,” she derives from the study’s findings, “veteran teachers should be treasured. That so many say they have less job satisfaction than during the pre-Katrina years, suggests that they are not, which is surely a failing with implications far beyond just teacher morale. Gabor includes a link to the full survey (7 pages) titled “Teachers’ Perspectives on Learning and Work Environments Under the New Orleans School Reforms.” George Skelton’s “Capitol Journal” column in yesterday’s L.A. Times discusses a bill in the California Assembly that would extend the time before teachers in the state would be granted tenure to 3 or as many as 5 years. Skelton also profiles the author of the legislation, Shirley Weber (D-San Diego), whose father moved the family when she was 3 from a Jim Crow Arkansas to Los Angeles in 1951 in order to avoid being lynched. “Weber is pushing a bill, AB 1220, that would extend a new teacher’s probationary period from two years to at least three and possibly up to five. Currently,” Skelton points out, “a school must decide whether to grant permanent status — tenure — or cut the teacher loose after two years. Weber’s bill would allow the school three years for teacher evaluation. It could extend probation another year or two, but would have to provide the teacher professional help, such as a mentor.” Thanks to ALOED member Don Hagen for sending this along. Audrey Amrein-Beardsley, on her VAMboozled blog, references a judge’s ruling against value-added models (VAMs) in a Houston case (see the May 5th “Ed News). She also testified against the use of VAMs in a Nevada case and lists “The Top 10 Research-based Reasons Why Large-Scale, Standardized Tests Should Not Be Used to Evaluate Teachers.” Her scholarly list makes some excellent points. Classroom App for Mindfulness Training THE HECHINGER REPORT describes a new app for classroom and home use that can aid teachers and parents in demonstrating mindfulness training for their students or children. The article focuses on one first-grade teacher in Delaware and how she uses the app, ClassDojo, and how it functions. “The ClassDojo app helps teachers reinforce their own in-person lessons, and track a child’s classroom behavior,” it explains. “Colorful cartoon characters act out scenes that children watch – at home, in school or a combination of the two. The app also helps teachers communicate with parents, using it to send text messages, pictures and videos of what’s happening during the day. The app is used by millions of teachers in the United States, thus allowing the wide distribution of lessons like the mindfulness project.” LAUSD Board Delays Vote on Unified Enrollment System Tuesday’s edition of the “Ed News” highlighted a proposal before the LAUSD board to create a Unified Enrollment System (UES), a one-stop, simplified enrollment form for students and their families that put charter schools on an equal footing with the traditional public schools in the district. At their regular board meeting on Tuesday, an approval vote on the first part of the new system was delayed when it appeared Supt. Michelle King didn’t have enough votes to pass the measure. An article in today’s L.A. Times details the board’s action or lack thereof. “The apparent problem was that Supt. Michelle King didn’t have a solid majority on the Board of Education,” it points out, “to approve the purchase of the necessary technology. As a result, officials quietly removed a vote on the $24-million budget item from the agenda of the Tuesday board meeting at the last minute.” The Opt-Out Movement Georgia Gov. Nathan Deal vetoed a measure this week that would have made it easier for parents in the state to opt their children out of standardized tests. Diane Ravitch’s blog points out a rather blatant case of hypocrisy in the action. The corporate “reformers,” privatizers and their allies, in this case Gov. Deal, constantly use of the refrain school “choice” when they push charters and vouchers and other policies. However, when it comes to a parent’s choice to opt his or her child out of standardized exams, choice is not part of the mix. Ravitch reprints an article from POLTICOPRO (it requires a rather hefty subscription) describing Deal’s response to the legislation. “House Bill 425 included provisions discouraging disciplinary action against those students who do not participate in federal, state or locally mandated standardized assessments,” it describes. “Additionally, it would have allowed students to complete the exams using paper and pencil, instead of a computer.” The item includes some quotes from Gov. Deal explaining his reasons for rejecting the bill. Remember the item in the May 2nd edition of the “Ed News” about Fidget Spinners? No? Remember what a Fidget Spinner is? No again? No worries! The “Teaching Now” column for EDUCATION WEEK answers the second question and presents a new one: “Do Fidget Spinners Belong in the Classroom? Teachers are Divided.” “Fidgets spinners are supposed to help students sit still and focus. But many teachers are saying it’s having the exact opposite effect,” the item notes. “Meant to help children with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder, autism, anxiety, or other conditions relieve tension and focus better, fidget spinners have become a popular toy among children. But some teachers say they have been causing classroom disruptions, prompting bans and confiscations. For teachers who haven’t seen the recent spinner craze hit their classrooms yet, fidget spinners are small handheld toys that Forbes is calling a ‘cure for nervous or bored energy.’ The small toy spins in your hand as you twirl the blades.” The ED WEEK story explains how some schools and districts are banning the devices while, at the same time, some teachers are using them to enhance their lessons. LAUSD School Board Races By now it’s no surprise that millions of dollars have been poured into the 2 LAUSD school board races. Most of it from billionaire donors from outside of the district. The L.A. municipal general election is Tuesday. Incumbent board Pres. Steve Zimmer is being challenged by charter proponent Nick Melvoin in District 4, which runs from the Westside to the west San Fernando Valley. Imelda Padilla is facing pro-charter advocate Kelly Gonez for the District 6 seat, which covers the east San Fernando Valley and is being vacated by Monica Ratliff. For 2 seemingly inconsequential school board seats, we are not talking chump change here. The outcome of the elections could have serious ramifications for the future direction of the LAUSD. If both Melvoin and Gonez win, charter supporters would have a 4-3 edge on the board for the first time in history and thus the huge campaign contributions. A investigative piece in today’s L.A. Times has the names, numbers and huge dollar amounts involved. “If the Los Angeles school board elections were a movie,” it reveals, “then the nominee for best supporting actor might go to an individual who so far has received little attention: Reed Hastings. Based on documents reviewed by The Times, the co-founder of Netflix has contributed close to $5 million since last September to California Charter Schools Assn. Advocates, a major conduit of funds for school board candidates backed by charter school supporters. His most recent contribution was $1 million on Tuesday.” Check out the other names and amounts involved on both sides in these highly contentious races. Surprised? Do Parents See Math as ‘Less Useful” Than Reading? That’s the headline of an article in EDUCATION WEEK that features some new research from a poll by the Overdeck and Simmons foundations. The survey found parents ranking math lower in importance than reading. “A survey last month of more than 2,500 parents,” the story reports, “found that they generally rank math and science as lower in importance and relevance to their children’s lives than reading. Moreover, 38 percent of parents, including half the fathers surveyed, agreed with the statement ‘Skills in math are mostly useful for those that have careers related to math, so average Americans do not have much need for math skills,’ according to the survey.” The California State Board of Education voted to close 2 of 6 L.A. charter campuses run by the troubled Celerity Education Group, according to a front-page story in today’s L.A. Times. The “Ed News” has highlighted several items in the past about problems plaguing the nonprofit charter management organization, which is under a federal investigation as well one from the LAUSD inspector general’s office,. “Some parents and teachers at the schools cried through their testimony at an emotional hearing,” it reports, “which ended with the board declining to renew the charter petitions for the Celerity Dyad Charter School in South Los Angeles and the Celerity Troika Charter School in Eagle Rock. Explaining their vote, board members said they had lost confidence in the Celerity Educational Group, the organization that manages the schools, and expressed growing concerns about its governance structure and finances, as well as the potential for conflicts of interest. Getting Rid of a Poor Superintendent And finally, want to get rid of a poorly performing or inadequate school superintendent? Why not offer the person a sizable severance package and be rid of them? The “District Dossier” column for EDUCATION WEEK looks at some recent cases and wonders if taxpayers are getting fleeced by some outsized payouts by school boards in a hurry to rid themselves, for various reasons, of their superintendent. “Eye-popping parachute packages are not uncommon in the corporate world,” it suggests, “where CEOs and top executives snag multimillion-dollar payouts as they walk out the door. But school districts—where officials are charged with being responsible stewards of public money and in charge of managing resources within very constrained budgets—have also been giving out hefty severance packages to superintendents for them to go away early.”Breast Reconstruction Plastic Surgery – Modesto Breast cancer and related breast trauma can have long-lasting physical and emotional effects for women in Modesto Breast reconstruction surgery is an opportunity to restore a woman’s appearance and self-confidence. For a breast reconstruction procedure, Modesto plastic surgeon Dr. Enevoldsen will guide patients to determine the surgical methods that can offer the best outcome. Dr. Enevoldsen will also help select the type, style, and size of breast implants to meet each patient’s needs. During the personal consultation with Dr. Enevoldsen, he will also discuss how to prepare for surgery, the procedures to be used, and what to expect during the recovery. Call Modesto plastic surgeon Dr. Enevoldsen to schedule a consultation or for more information about breast enhancement cosmetic surgery. We invite you to call us at 209.524.6204 today! Lo invitamos a que nos llame al 209.524.6204 ¡Hoy mismo!Facebook Dynamic Ads for travel empower travel advertisers to offer hotel options to people who have shown interest in taking a trip, either by browsing hotels or searching and purchasing a flight. Today the photo- and video-based social network is adding Dynamic Ads — a retargeting unit that Facebook launched on its own network a little over a year ago (under a slightly different name) that is essentially advertising that is customized to you: showing products that you are more likely to buy based on your online activity and interests. However, Facebook thinks there’s an unmet need in the travel space, especially on mobile, and the company would like to help advertisers reach individuals planning or booking trips on their mobile device. Whether people are searching for accommodations or flights, dynamic ads could help businesses reach them at the crucial moment. So starting today, companies can target customers based on location and travel dates. “Dynamic Ads for travel empower travel advertisers to offer hotel options to people who have shown interest in taking a trip, either by browsing hotels or searching and purchasing a flight,” Facebook notes. “For example, a travel business can connect with people who viewed a hotel on their website by showing them an ad featuring the hotel they viewed along with similar hotels in the area.” It will also extend to products beyond the one that a user is browsing for: one example are hotels that you might see in ads after you’ve booked a flight. See more at www.techcrunch.com There is extensive research in how poor web design impacts upon both usability and accessibility in relation to e-commerce websites, with numerous examples of companies going out of business because of poor website design.Gail Bliss directs Voters' Service, which is often the aspect of the League most visible to the public. Members register voters at locations around the county. They formulate questions for local candidates, compile their answers, and publish them as Candidates' Answers in Isthmus and online. The League trains members to moderate candidate forums, and provides moderators when requested to do so. LWVDC also conducts interviews of local candidates, which are broadcast on the city cable channel. On Election Day, League members serve as pollworkers and election observers. In 2012, a new program aims to assist hospitalized voters to cast their ballots. The LWVDC has been instrumental in organizing Dane County multi-municipality Special Registration Deputy (SRD) trainings in 2012 and 2014, which were made necessary by changes in election law that eliminated statewide SRD training and certification. In addition to our Voting Information page linked to the footer of each website page, we have an area of the website devoted to information for SRDs: a calendar, news items, and links to resources. This area, SRD Central, is also linked to the bottom of each website page. As of April 4, 2014, Wisconsin law requires all voters to provide proof of residence whenever and wherever they register to vote. Please see these New Proof of Residence Requirements. Voter Registration Coordinators Dane County Farmers' Market, Gail Bliss Westside Community Farmers' Market, Barbara Mortensen, Priscilla Thain St. Vincent de Paul Food Pantry, Julie Chase Madison (Area Technical) College, Kathy Fullin Candidates' Answers volunteer coordinator, Laura Chern Candidate forum coordinator, Priscilla Thain Coordinator of television interviews of candidates, Cheryl DanielsProcedure for vacuum-assisted operative vaginal delivery - James Greenberg, MD James Greenberg, MD - Associate Professor of Obstetrics, Gynecology and Reproductive Biology - Harvard Medical School In 1953, the Swedish obstetrician, Tage Malmström, introduced a hollow disc-shaped stainless steel metal cup for vacuum assisted delivery . Suction tubing attached to the dome of the cup and a traction chain passed through the tubing. The Malmström cup quickly became the template for all subsequent vacuum extractor systems [2,3]. By the 1970s, the vacuum extractor virtually replaced forceps for assisted deliveries in northern European countries. However, in many English-speaking countries, including the United States and the United Kingdom, adoption of the vacuum device was slower . Nonetheless, by 1992, the number of vacuum assisted deliveries surpassed the number of forceps deliveries in the United States,
and by 2000, approximately two-thirds of operative vaginal deliveries were by vacuum . The technique for vacuum assisted operative delivery will be reviewed here. An overview of methods for operative vaginal delivery, including risks and outcomes, can be found separately. (See "Operative vaginal delivery".) INDICATIONS AND CONTRAINDICATIONS Indications — A vacuum assisted delivery should only be attempted when a specific obstetric indication is present [5,6]. The three major categories of indication are prolonged second stage of labor, nonreassuring fetal status, and maternal cardiac or neurological disease, but there is no absolute indication. The indications and prerequisites for operative vaginal delivery are discussed in detail separately. (See "Operative vaginal delivery", section on 'Indications' and "Operative vaginal delivery", section on 'Prerequisites'.) Subscribers log in hereLiterature review current through: Jul 2017. | This topic last updated: Dec 20, 2016.References - Malmström, T. The vacuum extractor: An obstetrical instrument. Acta Obstet Gyncol Scand 1957; 36:5. - Miksovsky P, Watson WJ. Obstetric vacuum extraction: state of the art in the new millennium. Obstet Gynecol Surv 2001; 56:736. - Vacca, A . Vacuum-assisted delivery. OBG Manag 2004; Suppl:S1. - Demissie K, Rhoads GG, Smulian JC, et al. Operative vaginal delivery and neonatal and infant adverse outcomes: population based retrospective analysis. BMJ 2004; 329:24. - FDA Public Health Advisory. Need for caution when using vacuum assisted delivery devices. U.S. Food and Drug Administration: Center for Devices and Radiological Health: www.fda.gov/cdrh/fetal598.html. - Johanson, RB. Instrumental vaginal delivery. Guidelines and Audit Committee of the Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists, 2001. - Attilakos G, Sibanda T, Winter C, et al. A randomised controlled trial of a new handheld vacuum extraction device. BJOG 2005; 112:1510. - Groom KM, Jones BA, Miller N, Paterson-Brown S. A prospective randomised controlled trial of the Kiwi Omnicup versus conventional ventouse cups for vacuum-assisted vaginal delivery. BJOG 2006; 113:183. - Ismail NA, Saharan WS, Zaleha MA, et al. Kiwi Omnicup versus Malmstrom metal cup in vacuum assisted delivery: a randomized comparative trial. J Obstet Gynaecol Res 2008; 34:350. - Johanson R, Menon V. Soft versus rigid vacuum extractor cups for assisted vaginal delivery. Cochrane Database Syst Rev 2000; :CD000446. - Muise KL, Duchon MA, Brown RH. The effect of artificial caput on performance of vacuum extractors. Obstet Gynecol 1993; 81:170. - Hofmeyr GJ, Gobetz L, Sonnendecker EW, Turner MJ. New design rigid and soft vacuum extractor cups: a preliminary comparison of traction forces. Br J Obstet Gynaecol 1990; 97:681. - Hammarström M, Csemiczky G, Belfrage P. Comparison between the conventional Malmström extractor and a new extractor with Silastic cup. Acta Obstet Gynecol Scand 1986; 65:791. - Ross MG, Fresquez M, El-Haddad MA. Impact of FDA advisory on reported vacuum-assisted delivery and morbidity. J Matern Fetal Med 2000; 9:321. - Billings, RG. The physics of vacuum extraction. OBG Manag 2004; Suppl S7. - Suwannachat B, Lumbiganon P, Laopaiboon M. Rapid versus stepwise negative pressure application for vacuum extraction assisted vaginal delivery. Cochrane Database Syst Rev 2012; :CD006636. - Duchon MA, DeMund MA, Brown RH. Laboratory comparison of modern vacuum extractors. Obstet Gynecol 1988; 71:155. - MISHELL D Jr, KELLY JV. The obstetrical forceps and the vacuum extractor: an assessment of their compressive force. Obstet Gynecol 1962; 19:204. - Moolgaoker AS, Ahamed SO, Payne PR. A comparison of different methods of instrumental delivery based on electronic measurements of compression and traction. Obstet Gynecol 1979; 54:299. - Laufe LE. Divergent and crossed obstetric forceps. Comparative study of compression and traction forces. Obstet Gynecol 1971; 38:885. - Vacca A. Vacuum-assisted delivery: an analysis of traction force and maternal and neonatal outcomes. Aust N Z J Obstet Gynaecol 2006; 46:124. - Baskett TF, Fanning CA, Young DC. A prospective observational study of 1000 vacuum assisted deliveries with the OmniCup device. J Obstet Gynaecol Can 2008; 30:573. - Vacca A. Handbook of vacuum assisted delivery in obstetric practice, 2nd ed, Vacca Research, Brisbane, Australia 2003. - Bofill JA, Rust OA, Schorr SJ, et al. A randomized trial of two vacuum extraction techniques. Obstet Gynecol 1997; 89:758. - Kudish B, Blackwell S, Mcneeley SG, et al. Operative vaginal delivery and midline episiotomy: a bad combination for the perineum. Am J Obstet Gynecol 2006; 195:749. - Lund NS, Persson LK, Jangö H, et al. Episiotomy in vacuum-assisted delivery affects the risk of obstetric anal sphincter injury: a systematic review and meta-analysis. Eur J Obstet Gynecol Reprod Biol 2016; 207:193. - Johanson RB, Rice C, Doyle M, et al. A randomised prospective study comparing the new vacuum extractor policy with forceps delivery. Br J Obstet Gynaecol 1993; 100:524. - Bofill JA, Rust OA, Devidas M, et al. Neonatal cephalohematoma from vacuum extraction. J Reprod Med 1997; 42:565. - Ghidini A, Stewart D, Pezzullo JC, Locatelli A. Neonatal complications in vacuum-assisted vaginal delivery: are they associated with number of pulls, cup detachments, and duration of vacuum application? Arch Gynecol Obstet 2017; 295:67. - Verhoeven CJ, Nuij C, Janssen-Rolf CR, et al. Predictors for failure of vacuum-assisted vaginal delivery: a case-control study. Eur J Obstet Gynecol Reprod Biol 2016; 200:29. - Bird GC. The importance of flexion in vacuum extractor delivery. Br J Obstet Gynaecol 1976; 83:194. - Sadan O, Ginath S, Gomel A, et al. What to do after a failed attempt of vacuum delivery? Eur J Obstet Gynecol Reprod Biol 2003; 107:151. - Towner D, Castro MA, Eby-Wilkens E, Gilbert WM. Effect of mode of delivery in nulliparous women on neonatal intracranial injury. N Engl J Med 1999; 341:1709. - Revah A, Ezra Y, Farine D, Ritchie K. Failed trial of vacuum or forceps--maternal and fetal outcome. Am J Obstet Gynecol 1997; 176:200. - INDICATIONS AND CONTRAINDICATIONS - Extractor cup - - Soft versus rigid - - Bell versus mushroom shape - - Occiput posterior position - Patient preparation - Determine the flexion point - Place the cup - Apply suction - Exert traction - FAILED PROCEDURES - Risk factors - REDUCING THE RISK OF COMPLICATIONS - Confirm correct cup placement - Avoid entrapping vaginal soft tissues - Know when to abandon the procedure - COMPLICATIONS AND OUTCOME - SOCIETY GUIDELINE LINKS - SUMMARY AND RECOMMENDATIONSSubmitted by Maggie Melin on Wed, 08/16/2017 - 14:56 In most suburban communities, getting around on a bicycle and on foot is often difficult and sometimes treacherous. As a result, many people who would like to bike and walk more often tend to avoid doing so. The good news is that we can change this. Submitted by Ron Burke on Wed, 06/28/2017 - 14:49 When you’re rebuilding a transportation corridor in one of the densest parts of Chicago, where already more than 20 percent of people are travelling by bus, it stands to reason that the project should include major upgrades to transit service. Unfortunately, in the case of North Lake Shore Drive, the jury is still out. Submitted by Julia Gerasimenko on Mon, 06/26/2017 - 13:19 In an effort to speed up local bus service and reverse bus ridership decline, CTA is unveiling faster boarding at two more bus stops. Starting June 27, riders will be able to pay their fare while waiting for a bus and quickly board the following routes: •Southbound #135 and #146 buses at Inner Drive/Belmont (6:30 a.m.–9:30 a.m., weekdays) Submitted by su-administrator on Thu, 06/22/2017 - 11:36 Uber hasn’t had a great 2017 so far — what with employee allegations of a culture of sexual harassment, evidence that the company has been systematically deceiving government inspectors, and a lawsuit claiming that it stole autonomous vehicle technology from Google. Nevertheless, the company remains the most celebrated tech disruptor du jour, and its seemingly ever-growing customer base has convinced many people that it represents the future of urban transportation. Submitted by Jacque Henrikson on Fri, 06/09/2017 - 16:32 This week the elevated CTA platform at Clark and Lake took a step back in time as vintage train cars from the 1920s and 1970s rolled into the station in celebration of the L train’s 125th birthday. They ran around the stops in the Loop, tooting their horns for several hours. While out on lunch break, a couple Active Trans staffers hopped on board for a ride around the Loop — for professional research, of course. Submitted by Ron Burke on Wed, 05/31/2017 - 16:15 Submitted by Kyle Whitehead on Tue, 05/30/2017 - 11:32 Last week President Trump released his first full budget proposal, and it would be devastating for people who ride transit, bike and walk in the Chicago region. These cuts were first put on the table in the administration's budget blueprint released in March, but now they're officially part of the White House's budget proposal. Submitted by su-administrator on Tue, 05/23/2017 - 11:24 Speeding up buses in urban areas and attracting more riders is a difficult task if transit vehicles are constantly stuck in traffic. Cleveland learned this lesson nearly 10 years ago and it continues to reap the benefits. Submitted by su-administrator on Mon, 05/22/2017 - 10:55 Chicago should look to the West Coast as it considers investing more to speed up local buses. Seventeen years ago, when Los Angeles County decided to give its buses priority at traffic signals, the buses experienced huge gains in speed and reliability. The county has a massive bus system that accounts for a majority of all public transportation trips. Submitted by su-administrator on Wed, 05/17/2017 - 10:21 In 2012, San Francisco’s MUNI transit system implemented a revolutionary concept to America’s bus systems – pre-paid, all-door boarding for all of its street vehicles, including buses and trolleys. Bus riders could now enter through any door of any vehicle at any time and tap their transit card on a reader that’s adjacent to the door to verify payment. Riders who don’t have transit cards could pay their fare before boarding and carry a receipt on board for proof of payment.Listed here Are Some Wonderful Suggestions For Web Marketing and advertisingWorld wide web marketing and advertising can be fairly fascinating if you know what you can anticipate from it even though advertising the merchandise and companies of your business. It can be a winning approach for you if you can do it successfully. To guarantee that this takes place, try out hunting at the tips that are shown under. Collect statistical info and assess it. You will find no way to improve upon your web site if you do not know who is visiting, in which they are coming from, how often they cease by, and what retains bringing them again (or retains them absent). Use a resource like Google Analytics to help attain this. To focus your endeavours on promoting a single solution, you can base your material on it. Generate an E Guide or a publication totally about the solution. Potential consumers will be in a position to discover the answer to any of their concerns very effortlessly. This way you will not be overwhelming your reader with additional content. Tiny firms seeking to expand their base through net advertising can get a rapidly leg up by examining the advertising and marketing techniques employed by the competitiveness. Verify out business internet sites and advertising and marketing components for comparable firms in your locale. Determine out what genuinely functions to grab your consideration and devise techniques to distinguish your possess advertising attempts from the masses. Knowing the weak places in your opposition can help you action correct up to fill in the gaps! When you've gotten a customer to buy from you, you need to have to remind them to occur back by sending out a newsletter. Buyers have currently shown curiosity in your retailer by purchasing from it. You must remind them about you frequently to guarantee that they come back again. You can also notify them about new deals and goods. If you are employing genuine versions in your product pictures for your online organization, be certain not to crop their heads out of the pictures. A lot of on the web firms have fallen into the entice. It is a untrue notion that it will help the customer focus on the solution alone. In fact, it acts as a disservice to the items, as it tends to set clients at unease and strips absent the humanity from your brand. To industry productively on the Internet, be able to answer this concern: What is your primary goal? In buy to be effective promoting anything at all, you need to have a distinct goal. So quantify just exactly where you might be aiming. Know whether or not you want to sell 5 copies of your e-book a working day, if you want to make positive 80% of your consumers check out and study a specific Internet web page or if you want to expand your mailing list to three hundred subscribers in the next 3 days. Once you know your goal, you can make a good plan for receiving there. When you are creating your new web marketing scheme, contemplate current organizations. Seek out out well recognized and effectively reliable businesses and provide them a support or build a partnership with them that will get your link posted on their partner web page. You will achieve a lot of additional exposure this way. Incorporate as much new content that you can to your internet site each and every week. The more new content material additional, the greater chance that you have to be observed as dependable, fresh, and modern to site visitors. These attributes will aid attract far more consumers to your site with a optimistic image of your firm. A mailing checklist is a venerable instrument in web marketing and advertising, but it is not so previous as to be obsolete. Sustaining an email deal with databases of previous, recent, and possible clients nevertheless gives enormous rewards in advertising and marketing. Internet marketing and advertising methods adjust, and a tool which has no use right now may turn into crucial tomorrow. A very crucial tip for Web advertising is to maintain observe of all internet site info. You should pay mindful focus to all of the guests for your website. Data this kind of as in which the guests occur from, what they do upon browsing the web site, and how prolonged they remain on the web site are all essential and ought to be analyzed regularly. As was commented on above, world wide web marketing and adultlinkhub.com PR10 is multifaceted. There are just so numerous ways to technique and apply advertising strategies to more your company. By utilizing the data and approaches in this write-up, you can marketplace your business via the web and see an increase in your enterprise.Philippine Consulate General, Los Angeles November 20, 2012 8:08 am Walnut City Councilmember Antonio “Tony” Cartagena paid a courtesy call on Consul General Maria Hellen Barber De La Vega on Monday, Nov. 19 Press Office, Embassy of the Philippines November 20, 2012 7:14 am The nine Filipinos are among an estimated 154 welders, structural fitters, scaffolders and riggers who offshore platofrms in the Gulf Press Office, Embassy of the Philippines November 19, 2012 8:05 am A celebration of the holiday season with the Filipino American community in the Metropolitan Washington Area. Philippine Consulate General, Los Angeles November 16, 2012 8:29 am Celebration of the Canonization of Second Filipino Saint, after Senor San Lorenzo Ruiz BakitWhy.com November 16, 2012 8:18 am Manny Pacquiao to hand out free Thanksgiving Turkeys and Pumpkin Pies following Church Service at Westside Shepherd of the Hills Church Justice for Filipino American Veterans November 12, 2012 7:44 pm ABS-CBN Report on Veterans Day Rally via Steve Angeles Justice for Filipino American Veterans November 8, 2012 8:57 am 12th JFAV Protest March/Rally to be held at the entertainment capital of the world Kathlyn Amidar November 6, 2012 1:20 pm Bakitwhy Community November 1, 2012 9:23 am Opens Mobile Device Charging Station; Free WiFi Access at Philippine Center New York Philippine Consulate General, Los Angeles October 31, 2012 7:53 am The Fil-Am community was praised for its achievements, contributions and the 425 years of historical presence in the United States. BakitWhy.com October 30, 2012 7:41 am Established in 1999, the Gates Millennium Scholars (GMS) Program is funded by a grant from the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation.Lucasfilm, which oversees production on all things Star Wars, announced late today that the new Untitled Han Solo film — currently in the middle of production — will “move forward with a directorial change.” That’s right. In a stunning turn of events, directors Phil Lord and Christopher Miller are departing the Han Solo project in the middle of the film’s production. “Phil Lord and Christopher Miller are talented filmmakers who have assembled an incredible cast and crew, but it’s become clear that we had different creative visions on this film, and we’ve decided to part ways. A new director will be announced soon.” Lord and Miller had this to say: “Unfortunately, our vision and process weren’t aligned with our partners on this project. We normally aren’t fans of the phrase ‘creative differences’ but for once this cliché is true. We are really proud of the amazing and world-class work of our cast and crew.” The news of Lord and Miller’s departure is particularly startling since principal photography on the film started in February, meaning five months have been spent shooting the film and it must be relatively close to completion. The still-untitled film stars Hail, Caesar! breakout Alden Ehrenreich as a young Han Solo. Atlanta star Donald Glover will be playing Lando Calrissian, and Woody Harrelson, Game of Thrones star Emilia Clarke, Westworld standout Thandie Newton, and Fleabag mastermind Phoebe Waller-Bridge all co-star in brand new roles. The Untitled Han Solo film is still slated to premiere on May 25, 2018.Cinema Poster: SHE'S ALL THAT 1999 (Quad) Freddie Prinze Jr.,Rachael Leigh Cook SINGLE/TWO SIDED: Two CONDITION: 1" edge tear left. Crease pattern runs across centre of poster with light print wear. SIZE: 40" x 30" OTHER INFORMATION: Freddie Prinze Jr., Rachael Leigh Cook, Matthew Lillard, Directed by Robert IscoveOne of the greatest pleasures of traveling abroad is making new friends. On this particular trip to S. America, we came out with two wins! Not only were we blessed to have friends from home join us in South America, but we left with great new memories and new friends we’ve made along the way. tatiana & daniel How cute are these two! Daniel helped us out at port when we were waiting for our boat assuring us we were in the right place. In exchange, we took a couple of swigs of Ketel One — Tatiana twice since Daniel did not drink — and turned our hour boat ride into a booze cruise! We ran into them again on our last night on the island and our dinner for 6 is now a dinner for 8. Yuri was on the same “booze cruise” with us and joined in on the Ketel One fun. Later that night, Nana and I went out for a late night bite — she had to powernap off the Ketel, lol — and we ran into Yuri and his awesome dad! They joined us at the table for dinner and helped us order. Great conversations with great company! Yuri and a friend joined us on our last meal as well. That put’s the tally now at 10. carlos & carolina In love.. LOVE with these two! Young and full of love. While on our way back from dinner with Yuri and his dad, Nana and I ran into Carlos and Carolina on the beach. They stopped us for a chat and we invited them back to our hostel to party! You probably guessed it, Carolina and Carlos joined us for our last dinner in Ilha Grande. Our dinner for 6 quickly became a dinner for 12! Carlos had to put on my red rain poncho to avoid getting rained on. Apparently our table umbrella was not made for 12. I would like to point out, dinner was not originally planned for 12. But when you’re on an island with only one pedestrian road, you’re bound to run into familiar faces. Lucky we chose to sit outside despite the rain. We practically hailed our friends one by one as they walked by to join us for dinner. tony & ruby We met Tony and Ruby in, you guessed it, Ilha Grande! God, I love this place. On our way back from a half day trip to Lopes Mendes, we ran into Tony and Ruby on a floating restaurant. Turns out they were on their round- the- world trip and G and I knew we had to know more about these two. We left Ilha Grande and headed back to Rio. When we arrived at port, our driver was there to pick us up. I thought since we had a van, it would be a good idea to offer Tony and Ruby a ride back to town rather than having them take the bus. The driver agreed for an additional fee and the rest is history. And while we did not get to celebrate NYE together back in Rio, we’re still connected with a common, deep abiding passion for travel. They’re heading back to South America this Fall so stay connect at tony-ruby.travellerspoint.com Our awesome guide for the day in Rio de Janeiro. I found Manu on Tripadvisor. The testimonies should speak for itself. Whether you are a solo traveler or a group of 6, believe me when I say, you will not have a more fun, well- organized and memorable day with anyone other than Manu. Manu is guaranteed to make anyone’s day a better day in Rio. Manu was helpful long before we arrived. And even offered for us to celebrate NYE with him and his friends. We made every effort to try and meet up with Manu, but we never made it through the millions down the strip fast enough. And when Nana’s flight home was postpone not once, but twice, she called up Manu and he hooked her up with paragliding in Rio! Thiago is our cute waiter from Bar do Miniero in Santa Teresa. He was slightly crushing on our little Nana, who could blame him. Most would think this is weird back home, but I think it’s cute. After we left Bar,
Thiago called up Manu and ask where we would be having dinner. And when we got to Porcao’s Rio.. Surprise! Thiago showed up. Let me just say, it’s about a $40 cab ride from Santa Teresa to Porcao’s Rio. Thiago joined us for our $90 per person Brazilian- style dinner (only to eat a few bites of fish). He then came clubbin’ with us in Lapa. What can I say, the boy was hooked! 😛 leannah, pierre, catrina & remy I saved the best for last — our friends. The ones who joined us from home and made this trip far better than I could have ever imagined. Brahhzillll would not have been the same without you! This may be a first, but hopefully, will not be our last. Love you guys! Thank you all for making this an amazing trip for the memory books! Until we meet again. Keep trippin’!Monday, January 3, 2011 There's a New "Sheriff" in Town, Literally and Figuratively Everyone probably knows by now that Sheriff John Layton is now in charge of the Marion County Sheriff's Department. As someone that worked with the Layton campaign during the General Election season, I can tell you that the Department is in good hands. There's also a new figurative "Sheriff" in town over at the Marion County Prosecutor's Office, and that's the real story today. Carl Brizzi is gone. His eight-year mismanagement of the Marion County Prosecutor's Office is over. He is now a radio host, and that might have been the job he wanted all along. In his place is the first Democrat to hold the office in 16 years, but, more than that there is a new wind blowing through that office. Terry Curry won the office with a campaign that I criticized mildly at times for not being as aggressive as I thought it could have been. That said, they proved me wrong. I am glad for that. We could not have afforded another four years of Republican management in that office. Curry proved that during the campaign he had the temperament, the experience, and the chops to be Prosecutor. The voters also believed in him. We have already seen that Curry is not afraid to make change. He has made moves in the office and, as the old saying goes, hit the ground running. He has a lot on his desk right now, but he also has to fumigate the stench left over from the Brizzi Administration. Joining Curry and Layton as new forces in county government is Joe O'Connor, the new Marion County Assessor. O'Connor has years of assessing experience, and he will do a fine job. Billie Breaux, Julie Voorhies, and Beth White all received voter approval for second terms as Auditor, Recorder, and Clerk, respectively. Marion County is now in mostly Democratic Party hands. Over the next year, Democrats will work hard to take back the City-County Council and the Mayor's Office. If that happens, the GOP will only have pockets of control over township offices and council districts. Thus, 2011 is critical for many reasons.On Thursday we went to "The Passage" or more familiarly, the water steps beside the aquarium downtown. I forgot my camera, so I swiped a pic online to give you guys an idea of what they are like. They are VERY cool, and there were no where near this many people there when we went. At the bottom of all the steps is a large wading pool. I swiped the picture from here, and it was pretty hard to find. I should have taken some good pics of it; they are much needed on the internet.Lol. What a fun idea. "but then...just as he reached the middle of the hoop, he sneezed a big, wet sneeze, and the flames went out." What a brave dog. I'm curious for what's coming next... Nice illustration! Ooo I love a fill in the caption game! " but then... he caught the eye of a pretty little chihuahua in the crowd, soared past his mark, and landed in a tangle near her feet." Lovely illustration by the way! This is so cute! Love the action. but then, the clown came by on his unicycle, blowing a horn and scared poor Sebastian. Loosing his train of thought he falls into a heap. When he looks up he see's Lily's chihuahua in the crowd. Actually I love hers, use it :) "but then remember his therapist's diagnosis of Dissociative Identity Disorder and that he is a fish in real life."Great interpretation of the IF theme, love your work. What a cute little guy! It seems to me that...The scent of smoke reached his nose,He saw them ready with a fire hose!Despite the heat,He got cold feet,And in mid-air Sebastian froze! ...he realized that impressing the poodle in the audience wasn't enough of a reason to risk his fur. Clever and cute. Nice Illustration Friday piece. but then...realized the circus-life wasn't for him anymore, and ran away with Lily the chihuahua (love Lily's idea, too, Karen! : ) ) Wonderful illustration, Paige!! Love your style! Super-cute. "....but then decided this was a job better suited for tigers, and promptly quit." ....missed the bun altogether, thus ending his career as a professional hot dog. Thanks everyone for the fun submissions and comments! I'll be posting the winner on a separate post in the next couple days! :) Post a CommentLike so many cocktails, no one knows exactly when sangria was invented. We can, however, pinpoint the exact moment the ancient Spanish punch became America’s favorite fruity wine cooler, the official drink of ladies’ nights and college dinner parties across the country. That was the 1964 World’s Fair in New York, the international exposition that also introduced the country to Belgian waffles and the Ford Mustang. At the Fair’s Spanish Pavilion, meant to encapsulate all that Spanish culture had to offer (which also included paintings by El Greco and Goya, as well as flamenco dancers), romantic Spaniards poured glass after glass of the baroquely named, never-before-seen punch for a rapt audience. The original sangria, the one whose roots no one can quite trace, is simply any Spanish wine cut with fruit and spices often used to liven up poor product and revive bottles that are past their prime. “It comes from this family of wine punches—there’s one from Germany, there’s one from Switzerland—that all have their own tradition and culture,” says Chantal Tseng, co-owner of Washington, D.C.’s Mockingbird Hill. While it’s unlikely the World’s Fair vendors invented their drink wholecloth, their theatrical presentation and distinctive recipe took centuries of poorly defined history and cemented it as one easily marketable product. Some point to the early cocktail sangaree as a stop in sangria’s evolutionary trail, documented as far back as the 16th century and recorded for posterity in Jerry Thomas’ 1862 Bartenders’ Guide. Explains Mockingbird Hill co-owner Derek Brown, sangaree is “just the word used for a single serving punch.” Associated with maritime trade in the Caribbean, its etymological connection to the decidedly non-single-serving Spanish punch is a weak link. Sangria, after all, is derived from sangre, or blood, with a Latinate root that pops up in all the Romance languages and then some (sanguine, anyone?). The first sangaree maker may have run across the notion of a Spanish blood-named punch in his travels, but the two recipes evolved separately, like finches on the Galapagos Islands. Today, more and more bartenders are looking to sangria as an opportunity for creative experimentation. In salvaging the delicious elements of the drink (fruity, refreshing, cool) from the tired (stale, sweet, unbalanced) they’re placing equal emphasis on fresh ingredients and on thoughtful drink-building. One key innovation: returning focus to the wine itself. The World’s Fair sangria doctored up the classical punch formula for mass appeal, mixing Spanish red wine with brandy, sugar and chopped fruit. Ironically, it was intended to boost market awareness of Spanish wines, which at the time had little cachet and were primarily seen as cheap and inferior to European counterparts from France and Italy. But by linking it to the sweet, fruity new concoction, they contributed to its marginalization for decades to come. “To a degree, I don’t think there’s any cause to putting a great wine into a sangria—I think you’re kind of losing the point,” says Tseng. In the classic recipe, that’s true. But today, more and more bartenders are looking to sangria as an opportunity for creative experimentation. In salvaging the delicious elements of the drink (fruity, refreshing, cool) from the tired (stale, sweet, unbalanced) they’re placing equal emphasis on fresh ingredients and on thoughtful drink-building. One key innovation: returning focus to the wine itself. When Ivy Mix, co-owner of Brooklyn’s Leyenda, began working on large-format wine punches to serve at her Pan-Latin-inspired bar, she was adamant about one thing: “Don’t call it a sangria.” That’s because, as she puts it, “When people say sangria, I think of something that’s cheap and probably not very well thought out or well made. It’s something that people who don’t know how to make cocktails can make, sell en masse, and make their money.” In creating her Por la Sangre and Oye Rubia punches, she began with the tasting notes of the wines themselves, putting the focus back on sangria’s most sidelined (and essential) ingredient. On the other side of the pitcher, some bartenders are ditching the brandy and adding a more nuanced spirit backbone. At several of April Bloomfield’s New York venues, including the Ace Hotel’s Lobby Bar, new sangrias use pisco in place of the old-fashioned grape spirit, while in a recent article on reclaiming the drink, veteran bartender Jim Meehan introduced a set of aperitivi-inspired recipes using bitter liqueurs to offset the fruit’s sweetness. Though it did little to boost Spanish wine’s reputation, sangria’s fame as an exotic crowd pleaser can’t be denied. Last year, the European Union ruled that sangria (defined for their purposes as “a drink obtained from wine, aromatized with the addition of natural citrus-fruit extracts or essences, with or without the juice of such fruit and with the possible addition of spices, sweetened and with CO2 added”) is a protected product of Spain and Portugal, and that commercial versions produced in other countries must identify their place of origin so as not to mislead consumers. “It can be delicious as long as it’s made well,” says Mix. “Use fresh ingredients, fresh citrus juice and understand how all the ingredients work together.” Mix and her fellow bartenders are working to save sangria from itself, upgrading it from budget-party purgatory to cocktail status, with all the care and craft that goes with it. “People have been putting fruit into wine for a long time,” says Brown. They’re just doing it better these days.The dojo's closed for 2 weeks for the Christmas holidays (the French love vacations!). So I'll be hitting the books and the computer to keep in touch with Aikido. Here's my new toy: This is great software! You can see the action from many angles, take notes, play it at varying speeds, and more. It's already helped me understand several techniques in the few days I've had it. Fifth kyu, here I come!Steve Butler has been matching talent and organizations for more than 30 years. During his career he has worked in an array of capacities related to human capital. His experience spans numerous vertical markets, which include pharmaceutical, manufacturing, transportation, chemical, coatings, engineering, finance, education management, legal and energy. Steve has held leadership positions at Fortune 500 companies, including Honeywell, YRC Worldwide and Marion Merrell Dow/Hoechst Marion Roussel (now Sanofi-Aventis) and has also provided diverse consulting services to global companies. He is certified in behavioral interviewing by Paul C. Green, Xerox Targeted Selection and Selection Interviewing for Managers (University of Michigan). He has shared his knowledge of the behavioral interview process with other human resource managers via stand-up training classes. In addition, he is also certified as an analyst for Activity Vector Analysis (AVA) – a highly effective assessment system that renders behavioral profiles of individuals, identifying their natural tendencies and predicting their workplace behaviors. He holds a bachelor’s degree in biology from the University of Central Missouri.Who Do You Think You Are – Walter Lewis Calbetzer? By Pamela Pattison Lash In August 2010, Sandy Masters, a direct descendant of Walter Lewis Calbetzer, appeared at the Williams County Public Library Local History and Genealogy Annex in Bryan, OH to discover who were Walter’s parents. She knew he had been reared as the “son” of Elias and Fanny Silvernail Calbetzer of Amboy Twp, Hillsdale Co, MI, but she suspected he was the real son of an unknown set of parents. I happened to be doing research there and when she mentioned Grindle as a possible surname, I mentioned to Jane Kelly at the facility that I knew something about an Enoch Grindle. Well, the upshot is that Sandy and I began a conversation and through extensive research I was able to supply a connection for her. From that accidental meeting I was able to piece together this lineage of Walter. On 20 Dec 1871 Walter Lewis Grindle was born in Madison Twp, Williams Co, OH (Williams Co, OH Births v1 p34); his parents were Enoch Grindle and Tena Cox. Let’s first examine his paternal side. Abraham Grindle (1813 PA – 1887 West Unity, Brady Twp, Williams Co, OH; bur Floral Grove Cem) and his wife Susannah Gill (1816, Somerset Co, PA-1890 West Unity, Brady Twp, Williams Co, OH) were found in the following census records: 1840 Mohican Twp, Wayne Co, OH, 1850 Plain Twp, Wayne Co, OH p362A (under Grindler), 1860 Plain Twp, Wayne Co, OH p261, 1870 Amboy, Hillsdale Co, MI p214A (under Allen Grindle), and 1880 Brady Twp, Williams Co, OH p512A. Their children were an unknown female, William, David, Amanda, James, and Enoch. Enoch Grindle was born on 19 Sept 1847 in Plain Twp, Wayne Co, OH. He remained with his parents until the Civil War began when he enlisted in Co D 195th Ohio Infantry on 8 Feb 1865 until 18 Dec 1865. After the war the Grindles moved to Amboy Twp, Hillsdale Co, MI where Enoch took on the vocation of mason. Enoch married Alwilda D. Venoah in Williams Co, OH on 16 July 1871. Alwilda, daughter of Charles and Elizabeth Venoah, was born in NY on 17 May 1848. The couple later became the parents of Nellie, William H, Irena, and Levi Grindle. Next we’ll take peak at Walter’s maternal side. John Cox, the son of Jacob and Esther Middary Cox, first married Eliza (surname unknown – born c1825- died bet 1860 and 1867 in Williams Co) c1846 in OH. According to the 1850 Gorham Twp, Fulton Co, OH federal census p344A the couple lived with John’s parents. They appeared in the 1860 Millcreek Twp, Williams Co, OH federal census Pioneer p210A as John 33 PA, Eliza 35 PA, Jacob 13 OH, Abram 11 OH, William 10 OH, John 8 OH, Tena 6 OH, Daniel 3 OH, and Susannah 2 OH. After the death of his wife Eliza, John Cox married Anna L. Thompson Borton in Amboy Twp, Hillsdale Co, MI on 16 April 1867 and they became the parents of Viola and Arminda Cox. Anna L. Thompson was born on 2 Oct 1829 in Erie Co, PA and had married Darling Haines Borton, son of Daniel and Tabitha Rodman Borton, in Defiance Co, OH on 27 Feb 1847. They had seven children. Darling died on 19 Sept 1866 in Amboy, MI. Interestingly, one of John’s sons, William Henry, married one of Anna’s daughters, Margaret. The family next appeared in the 1870 Madison Twp, Williams Co, OH federal census p114A. A key piece of information is found in the Civil and Criminal Court Records of Williams Co, OH, from Journal 8 p48, on 5 June 1872. Remember prior to this Tena had given birth to Walter Lewis on 20 Dec 1871, approximately five months after Enoch’s marriage to Alwilda Venoah. John Cox had appeared in court as guardian for Tena M. Cox in a bastardy case brought against Enoch Grindle. Enoch was found guilty and a maintenance schedule was set whereby he had to pay Tena $600 for the care of their child. If he defaulted, the court would award her $1200. Enoch refused and was put in jail; later he declared insolvency. Tena M. Cox was now in a difficult spot. What was she to do? We know she (or someone) gave up Walter Lewis to the Calbetzers. There are several reasons for this. She probably wanted to provide a safe home for her son but she may also have desired to put some distance between Walter and herself as he would be a constant reminder of his father Enoch. Perhaps her father, John Cox, refused to assist in rearing her child; remember Tena was a single, unemployed young woman. Another possibility for Tena giving up her son may be due to her own marriage ten months after Walter’s birth to John Sloan on 20 Oct 1872 in Amboy Twp, Hillsdale Co, MI; he was a resident of Ransom, MI; she was a resident of OH; he was 39 born in NY; she was 19 born in Fulton Co, OH. John had been married previously and had at least two children, Francis and Melissa Sloan. Together John and Tena M. Sloan became the parents of Orly/Orrin Orlando Sloan b 1873 in MI, Herbert A b c1875, and Norman C b c1878. In 1875 Enoch and his brother James donated one dollar each to the Church of God movement in West Unity, Ohio. According to the 1880 Brady Twp, Williams Co, OH federal census p512A Enoch and his family were enumerated as Enoch 32 OH-PA-PA, Alwilda 32 NY-NY-NY, Nellie 6 OH, William H 4 OH, Irena 2 OH, Levi 6/12 OH b Dec 1879. They lived next door to Enoch’s parents and brother James. Wife Alwilda Grindle died on 18 Sept 1898 in Butler, DeKalb Co, IN at the age of 48 Y (The Butler Record, Butler, DeKalb Co, IN, 2 Oct 1896). Her obit stated she was the mother of seven children (four sons and three daughters) with five surviving. Her passing included the comment that the family kept the gold handles and the nameplate from the coffin. From the 1900 Center Twp, Grant Co, IN federal census p6B we learn that Enoch, a widower, lived in a National Military Home for Disable Veterans; he was a resident there as early as 1897; he suffered from rheumatism. We also learn from DVS records that at age 51 his description was 5’8”, ruddy complexion, blue eyes, and grey hair; he could read and write. His nearest relative was son William Grindle of Butler, IN. Enoch was a plasterer from Butler, IN. Online records show he was in six different DVS facilities from 1897 to 1911. Enoch died on 16 Feb 1911 from gangrene of left lung and foot along with other complications at DVS Home in Milwaukee, WI and was buried in Wood National Cemetery Section 18 Site 106. While all this was happening, Tena Cox Grindle Sloan’s father, John experienced some marital problems of his own. From the 1880 Madison Twp, Wms Co, OH federal census p473, the Cox family appeared as John 52 PA-PA-PA, Anna L 50 PA-PA-PA weaver, Viola L 12 OH, and Arminda L 10 OH. The following information comes from the Williams County Civil and Criminal Court Records: John Cox v Anna L. Thompson Borton Cox (Journal 13 p473 – 2 Apr 1886; Roll 43 case number 1565 – 24 Nov 1885). Anna Cox charged that John was harsh, angry, and violent to her, often using profanity; he would choke and beat her. On 16 May 1885 he abandoned her and lived separately, providing no support. Anna said she was a resident of Wms Co for 18 years; she was 57 years old and in poor health, unable to perform manual labor. She was destitute and had no fuel. She lived on Lot 61, Pioneer, OH. She told the court that John owned in fee simple 100 acres of land in Amboy Twp, Hillsdale Co, MI plus Lot 63 in Pioneer. He owned a considerable amount of livestock. Anna wanted a divorce and reasonable alimony. The case was dismissed, but there must have been a later judgment as on 17 June 1890 in Amboy, Hillsdale Co, MI, John Cox married Amanda Shaffer. In the 1900 Bridgewater Twp, Wms Co, OH federal census p20, the Cox family was listed as John Dec 1827 (72) PA married 10 years with no children, Amanda Sept 1845 (54) OH-PA-PA. Anna died in Malta, Montana c1904. So, what happened to Tena M Cox Sloan? The following census records show what life experiences Tena had: 1880 Amboy, Hillsdale Co, MI federal census p39A John Sloan 44 NY-NY-NY, wife Tina M 26 OH-PA-PA, Frances E dau 17 MI-NY-PA, Melissa I 15 dau MI-NY-PA, Orrin A 6 son MI-NY-OH, Herbert A, and Norman C 1. 1900 Coldwater, Isabella Co, MI federal census p8 B Herbert A Sloan 25 (April 1875) MI-NY-MI, his wife Margaret, son Milford, and father John Sloan, a widower, 50 (Sept 1849) NY-NY-NY. 1900 Pleasant Twp, Steuben Co, IN federal census p13A Tena M Sloan 47 (Sept 1852) OH-PA-PA servant for Theodore and Elizabeth Wood; Tena was mother of five living children. (Tena Sloan married Arthur Reed, son of Jacob H and Eleanor Wabruth Reed, in Coldwater Twp, Isabella Co, MI on 11 Nov 1906; her father was listed as John Cox; he was 39Y and she was 53Y.) 1910 Madison Twp, Williams Co, OH p3A Tena M Shan 57 OH-PA-PA sister to Daniel Cox; she was listed as divorced and mother of 4 children, all living, and a washerwoman for a private family. 1920 Coldwater Twp, Isabella Co, MI federal census p3B Tena Sloan mother of Herbert A Sloan, a widow, 66 MI-MI-MI. So what happened to Walter Lewis Grindle after his birth? Here is some information on Walter’s adopted parents. Elias Calbetzer, son of Peter and Elizabeth Catherine Waltz Calbetzer, was born on 17 Oct 1829 in Wayne Co, OH; he died in Hillsdale, MI on 12 Feb 1916 and was buried in the Evergreen Cem, Ransom Twp. Wife Fanny Silvernail, daughter of Coonrod and Mary Miller Silvernail, was born on 4 Sept 1836 in Geauga Co, OH and died on 7 Oct 1916 in Hillsdale; she was laid to rest almost eight months after her husband’s death. The couple was childless in the 1870 Amboy Twp, Hillsdale Co, MI federal census p218B. From the 1880 Amboy Twp, Hillsdale Co, OH federal census p42D one finds the Calbetzer (under Colpetser) family enumerated as Elias 50 OH-PA-PA, Fanny M 44 OH-Baden-Baden, and son Walter 8 OH-OH-OH. In the 1900 Amboy Twp, Hillsdale Co
, MI federal census p42, Elias and Fanny Calbetzer were enumerated as Elias 70 (Oct 1829 OH-PA-PA) farmer married 33Y and Fanny M 63 (Sept 1836 OH-NY-NY) mother of one deceased child. They were married in MI on 2 April 1866. The deceased child was not Walter. Walter Lewis Calbetzer was enumerated in the 1900 Amboy Twp, Hillsdale Co, MI federal census p6B (under Calbertzer) as Walter 28 born Dec 1871 OH-OH-OH; he was married c1893 to Maudie M. 25 (Dec 1874) OH-OH-OH, the mother of three children, none living. By the 1910 Amboy Twp, Hillsdale Co, MI federal census p7A Walter and Maudie had three children – Weslie T, Rachel B, and George E. The story began with Sandy Master’s search for Walter Lewis Calbetzer’s lineage. Sandy wanted to know the true circumstances of his adoption so she now has a plethora of records to pursue.Patrick Bamford, collected his award for best Championship player of the year. The 21 years old, is on loan from Chelsea since 2012 and has yet to make his debut after holding talks with the club The loanee has been at Nottingham Forest before eventually moving to Middlesbrough where he netted 19 times this season. However, the youngster doesn’t intend and to stay at the club and made it clear that he doesn’t want to spend the next season on the bench and has urged Jose Mourinho to give him chance next term as he believes he can have an impact within the team, he said: “I don’t have any reason not to be at Chelsea. It is my dream to put on that blue shirt and play for them eventually. However, after two years regularly playing out on loan, going back and sitting on the bench wouldn’t really help me.”The new Country Music Hall of Fame and Museum exhibit Alabama: Song of the South opens Aug. 25 through July 17, 2017. Spotlighting the illustrious career of the award-winning group, the new exhibit will feature treasured keepsakes and instruments that helped shape members Jeff Cook, Teddy Gentry and Randy Owen into the artists they are today. Items on display will include Cook’s first Silvertone guitar from the 1960s, the original handwritten manuscript of “Born Country” and the original table-top radio that introduced Gentry to country music growing up. After signing with RCA in 1980, the group went on to become one of country’s most beloved bands, selling tens of millions of albums worldwide and earning an array of awards from the CMA, ACM and the Recording Academy. Inducted into the Country Music Hall of Fame in 2005, Alabama released its latest album Southern Drawl on Sept. 18, 2015.Vaddio appoints European partners The manufacturer and OEM distributor of speciality PTZ Cameras and camera control systems has appointed distributors in both Germany and Ireland. prodyTel joins Vaddio as lead distributor for the German audiovisual market. Jan Wintersberg, managing director of prodyTel GmbH, commented: “We are very excited about the newly-formed partnership. Adding Vaddio has significantly increased the value of what we can offer with our conferencing systems.” Videnda specialises in trade-only distribution of communication solutions including VOIP, video, networking and IP surveillance solutions and covers both Northern Ireland and the Republic.When Foley SV build a bespoke Defender it needs to be both timeless and fixable in the wilderness. That's why they fit Tdi engines... There are certain things in life that are timeless and if kept in good nick they hold on to their value. In some cases they actually might increase in value. These include Rolex watches, Levi 501 jeans and... a 300Tdi-powered Foleys Defender. Why the latter? Well, after spending the day at Foleys SV in Essex with this month's LRM cover car I have decided that it most definitely falls into that timeless classic category. Especially with that uncomplicated Tdi engine under the bonnet. “When you purchase a Land Rover from us it is for life and not just for Christmas. You can put this Land Rover into a garage for 30 years and it will not date,” says sales director, Stuart Foley. And I believe him. It’s for this very reason that we are here. LRM have always admired Foleys' handiwork. Right now I only have eyes for a 1998 LHD Defender 110 that they have built, using a new 300Tdi engine. Foleys SV was founded in 1966 by Stuart’s father, Peter. Initially their core business was breaking down Land Rovers for spares, as there was a massive demand for this at the time. But today they are in the business of buying, selling and creating new and original-looking Land Rovers. And as they are trying to sell Land Rovers that last and are easy to fix they prefer the older engines to some of the newer ones. The timeless appeal of Land Rover's legendary Tdi turbodiesel engines impresses them as much today as it did when they took the world by storm in the 1990s. It is good to know that a prestigious company like Foleys agrees with us that Tdis still rock – and rule – after all these years. Stuart explains there is a very good reason for this, not least because they export vehicles to some rather remote parts of the world, such as most African nations. “We don’t like the modern-day Defenders with the Puma engines," he says. "You need a computer to work on one, which means that they cannot be serviced in places such as Sierra Leone or Outer Mongolia.” Plus, of course, there's the very appealing notion that Land Rover got it right with the brilliant Tdi engine all those years ago and it would probably still be the beating heart of domestic Land Rovers today if it wasn't for daft European laws that caused its premature demise in this neck of the woods. Thankfully most Africans – this one included – have got more sense. Turning a RHD Defender into LHD is a procedure Foleys SV have performed on many a Defender. “If I have to estimate we have done about a 100 of these. It is easy enough to do, though finding the correct LHD plastic bits is the hard part,” explains Stuart. Today LHD models are in short supply so it looks like Foleys SV will be making many more of them in the future. The reason for converting this vehicle to left-hooker is that it's built for a client in North America who wanted something with an ever-so-slightly military look. Today, every Dick and his dog seems to have taken to messing with the original design and look of the Defender – and as a result there are some very interesting bespoke vehicles out there – but when you look at this one it is very special indeed. Stuart explains the look they are trying to achieve: “Anyone can bolt new bits onto a Land Rover, but that is not us. This market will only last for as long as Land Rovers are being made. This Defender looks as if it has come out of the factory which is what we have set out to achieve.” The first thing that I notice about this green 300Tdi machine is that it stands slightly higher than a standard Defender. This is thanks to the one-inch lift courtesy of a full Terrafirma suspension kit. If the customer doesn't want lifted suspension, Foleys use standard Land Rover springs and shocks. While out on the photo-shoot I take a look underneath. The chassis and bulkhead are both new and galvanised. Other new components on the underside are the axles, props and exhaust system. The standard Defender wheels have been replaced with green Wolf rims and for rubber they have gone for the Dakar 265/75/R16 tyre. This is all part of achieving that pseudo-military look. Most of the external accessories are black, which go nicely with the colour of the vehicle, including the Land Rover roof rack, Mantec rear swingaway wheel carrier, rear ladder, front bumper and the NAS rear step. One accessory that I have not seen before are the Foley side lockers on both sides of the vehicle. Each one of these houses two 20-litre jerry cans, so you can safely tuck away 80 litres of extra fuel or water. If you get into any trouble or need to recover somebody, there is a Superwinch with plasma rope on the bumper which also has its own heavy-duty recovery points. The best thing about all these changes is that they are massively understated, so you won’t attract any undue attention from the Land Rover fashion police. Each panel on this Defender has been individually painted. The production methods that they use over here are pretty labour and-time intensive but the outcome is massively satisfying. What you get does not come cheap but in all essence it’s a new Land Rover. “Cost is irrelevant. It is about what people want,” argues Stuart. As they prefer to use the 300Tdi engine, a Foley product will never dated. The only compromise is speed. But who's in a hurry to get anywhere in a Defender this good? “There is nothing not Land Rover about what you see here," says Stuart. "We build with care because people come to us with their money and Land Rover dreams. We provide them with quality." When you climb in behind the steering wheel and sit on the black leather seats you get to experience this quality for yourself. Logical thought and the desire to keep it looking totally original have dominated the creation process. Foley SV have gained a global reputation for building brilliant Defenders. That they build them with 300Tdi engines is the icing on the cake. There is no such thing as a perfect Land Rover, but judging by this nut-and-bolt Foley SV rebuild they get pretty darned close.Defender 110: How did they do it? • 300Tdi engine • LHD • New Axles • New props • New exhaust • New Galvanised Chassis • New running gear • Mantec rear swing away • Land Rover Roofrack and ladder • Rear NAS Step • Dakar 265/75/R16 tyres • Wolf Rims • Clear front headlights • NAS rear lights • Front Black Leather seats • Black Leather Rear WOLF Bench seats • Internal Roll Bar Hoop • Air Conditioning • New Front doors • New Rear door • Terrafirma suspension • Two Foley Side lockers • Radio CD Ipod, • Rubber mats • Top side windows • New Turbo • Recon Gearbox • Galvanised bulkhead • Bonnet spare wheel mount • Superwinch Winch and bumper, plasma Rope • Steel Cubby box with cup holders and covered in Black Leather • Alloy steering Guard • New headlining • Stainless bolts used CONTACT:For more details go to www.foleysv.com or phone 01279 793500. Pics: Adam SwordsThat next week I'll celebrate my 67th birthday. The first birthday that I won't be celebrating with my mom. Won't be receiving a sweet, funny card from her. Won't get to hear her sing Happy Birthday to me over the phone a dozen times - each time more hysterical than the time before. That she won't be giving me a little gift in the most bedraggled birthday bag you've ever seen, but one neither of us could bear to part with until maybe "next year." That I won't get to feel her put her arms around me and tell me she loves me and then stand back and smile at me with that mischievous little twinkle that she always had in those eyes of hers. And I won't be able to say "I love you, Mom."SourceLink add-on software provides an economical document management solution for the users of QuickBooks. SourceLink hosting provides many economical benefits to its users. SourceLink hosting service provider lets your business to quickly and smoothly move forward at reduced costs yet in a highly efficient manner. By availing hosting service, small and medium size businesses receive hosted Information Technology infrastructure for a low price that would have otherwise required thousands of dollars to purchase and maintain. Small and medium size businesses just pay for only those resources that they require from an application hosting and cloud computing service provider. Planning, building, running, and operating IT environment is a complex task that requires highly skillful technical staff capable of working efficiently, speedily, and round the clock. In the traditional business application running scenario, a business has to itself perform the technical management of all of the business software used by its employees on a regular basis. In fact, technical management is a day to day process that requires highly skillful, reliable, and expensive personnel in order to ensure the smooth movement of your business. SourceLink hosting saves a lot of money by removing the need to employ an on-premises Information Technology staff to provide upgrades, maintenance, and various kinds of application support. You get applications with the latest upgrades and security patches by availing cloud hosting service. Money saved by availing SourceLink hosting service can be then invested on other business projects and marketing services. This would expand business and draw more profits. As any Personal Computer (PC) or laptop or mobile gadget like iPad, etc., with an Internet connection can be used to access hosted SourceLink software and data in a completely secure way, business expansion gets very much facilitated. Overall result of availing SourceLink hosting service is business prolificacy, and hence, a steep hike in revenue generated. For more information, click here – http://www.myrealdata.com/sourcelink-hosting.htmlToxic and Combustible Gas Detectors for Wet Wells in Waste Water Treatment Plants Experts in Wet Well Gas Detection Wet Well Gas Detection Overview Wet Wells by definition are a portion of the water and waste water pumping station that receives and temporarily stores wastewater for the purpose of pumping, and may also incorporate screening. These areas are directly exposed to the sewer atmosphere and its hazards of combustible and toxic gases plus the potential for asphyxiation. A dry well, sealed off from the wet well, is often used to place electrical and mechanical equipment associated with the pumping, control, ventilation and safety measures. Hazards – Methane, Carbon Dioxide and Hydrogen Sulfide are released by decomposing sewage in sanitary systems. Storm or industrial sewers may contain petroleum vapors or industrial solvents from accidental releases or leaking processes and tanks. Regulations: NFPA 820 and OSHA Confined Space Regulations are the authority. They mandate combustible gas detection (Methane and floating flammable liquids), Toxic gas (Hydrogen Sulfide) and Oxygen deficiency monitoring. Footnotes: NFPA 820, 2008 Edition, Standard for Fire Protection in Wastewater Treatment and Collection Facilities; OSHA, 29 CFR 1910.146, Permit Required Confined Spaces (Includes sewer entry) Wet Well Gas Monitoring Strategies - Sample Draw – In a sample draw system, an aspirator or a pump is used to pull a sample from the wet well to the sensor/transmitter location. Sample systems are inherently maintenance intensive on a moisture saturated wet well atmospheres as condensation is the norm. In-line particulate filtering is also desirable, which adds to the upkeep. Sampling systems require a flow switch alarm to signal when the system becomes clogged. Caution, The fire and electrical codes prohibit sampling from one hazardous area classification to another, since the sample tubing provides a flame path. Placing flame arrestors in the sample path to overcome this, further complicates the maintenance issues. All the sample draw equipment must have third party listing per NFPA 820. The sample draw option is attractive but potential users should carefully evaluate the ownership cost of maintenance. - Footnotes: NFPA 1, The Uniform Fire Code; IFC 2009, The International Fire Code, NFPA 70, The National Electrical Code, Section 500 - Remote Sensor with Remote Gassing – Mounting gas sensors remote from the transmitters is the preferred method employed for lighter than air gases or locations with difficult access. In a Class I, Division 1 hazardous (classified) area, rigid conduit is required, unless the sensor head is listed intrinsically safe. Users sometimes mount the transmitters in the wet well or in the drywell, as access and convenience permit. Users perform all maintenance functions from the transmitter location. - Footnote: NFPA 820 requires listed gas sensor system and components (third party approved, CSA, FM, UL, etc.). Annunciation – Audible and visual Annunciation is required within the monitored space, at its entrance and the associated drywell. In addition, supervisory alarm notification is mandatory, that is, notification to an area manned 24/7/365 with the capability of responding to an alarm should someone be in distress. Carefully designed and installed wet well monitoring systems are in code compliance and will protect equipment and personnel for many years. Factory trained technicians should start-up the gas detection system and train the owner’s personnel to perform the quarterly maintenance of functional checks and sensor calibrations.Albany, OR Real Estate, Albany Area and Community Information History of Albany OR Real Estate Covered wagons rushed into this area from 1850 to 1855 in search of free land promised to them under the Donation Land Claim Act. Any white male was allowed 320 acres. Families could claim 640 acres. Several of the citizens moved further west during the gold rush. They came home with their new found fortunes which started a new era for Albany Properties. In 1847 the Morteith brothers purchased a claim, and they laid out plans for a town. The first frame house was built in 1849. The town was named Albany. It became a hub for transportation. The California Stage Coach Company made the city their home base in 1860. Steamboats further enhanced Albany’s prosperity, and the railroad chugged through in 1871. Albany became an industrial area with numerous mills and factories. The construction of Albany College, known today as the Lewis and Clark College, created a new demand for Albany Real Estate. A complete history of Real Estate in Albany can be found at the city of Albany website. Parks and Recreation The Albany Homes for sale have the added benefit of being located near many neighborhood parks. Here the Albany Home Buyer can enjoy playgrounds, picnic areas, and a wide range of sporting activities. As your Albany Realtor, I can share my knowledge of many aspects of the community including neighborhood parks and a map of area trails. The Albany Community Garden is close to many Albany Homes. Here families can plant and grow their own food. Individual sites, a children’s garden, and a communal herb garden are available. To become involved, call the Albany Parks and Recreational Department at 541-917-7777. East Thornton Lake Natural Area is a plot of land near Albany OR Homes that is set aside to preserve the wildlife and vegetation. Visitors can walk the trails, have picnics, or make use of the pavilion and playground. The ETLNA needs volunteers. To help out, email email@example.com or call 541-917-7769. Attractions and Activities The Albany Historic Carousel and Museum provides fun for all. The restored carousel has 52 hand carved animals, and it is open Monday through Saturday from 10am to 4pm. On Wednesday evenings they stay open later. Go to Albany Historic Carousel for details. Childer’s Raspberry Farm is where the entire family can go to pick fresh berries seasonally. Email Lonniechilders@msn.com or visit Childer’s Raspberry Farm for hours and dates. Both the Hackleman and Monteith District near Homes for sale in Albany are historic districts with interesting architecture. The latter has many Queen Ann buildings. Go to www.tripadvisor.com to discover these and other walking areas. Your Albany Real Estate Agent, I can point out the many annual events that residents look forward to. A calendar of events can be found at www.cityofalbany.net/calendar. The Veteran’s Day Parade in November brings people from all over. Visit Albany's Veterans Day Parade for information. Summers bring events such as the River Rhythms and Monday Nights at Monteith and the Northwest Art and Air Festival where food, crafts and music are the big draw.Identify the central threads that emerge from the classical narrative of the death of al-Hussain. The battle of Karbala, which took place in the deserts of Southern Iraq in 680 AD, is a central event in Shi’ism which serves as a point of reference for many Shi’i religious beliefs and practices. In a sense, Karbala has become the ‘root metaphor’ for Shi’i beliefs and the narratives associated with it have came to be known as the ‘Karbala Paradigm’(Aghaie). The main themes that have emerged from this event such as resilience in the face of oppression, suffering and redemption, along with unflinching loyalty to the Imams, have become defining features of the Shi’i narrative. The Karbala narrative has evolved over the centuries but there is no single authoritative version of the event today even according to Shi’i historical accounts. Different versions present different details of the battle and historical accuracy is apparently not a central concern in the retelling of these narratives as they became part of popular historical folklore. Several contingent and subjective factors such as the fear of repercussions in presenting the ruling elite of the time in a negative light or the divergent geo-political, Arab vs Byzantinian outlooks and rivalry make it difficult to distangle historical myth from reality. There are however many ‘correct representations’ of the event that the Shi’i agree upon.(Aghaie)The Shi’i discourse presents a larger than life image of Hussain and his band of men whose story is imbued with the ideals of self-sacrifice and loyalty.(Mufid) The men in Hussain’s army symbolize piety and courage as do the women accompanying them in all the narratives. One central aspect that also emerges within this narrative is the agency of the women of Karbala as spokespersons and guardians of the faith in the absence of men. The sacrifices made during the battle ofKarbalahave become intertwined with the narrative of spiritual redemption and salvation in the life after death. Through the process of intercession, the Shi’i followers believe they will attain atonement for their sins in this world. (BahrulUloom) In the later versions among the other villainous characters like Ibn Ziyad, Shimr, Umar Ibn Saad, Yazid becomes the ‘ultimate, impious tyrannical villain’ (Aghaie) In the earlier versions, he is seen as a remorseful and ambiguous character who ultimately makes good will gestures to the Prophets family in the aftermath of the battle of Karbala.(Mufid) This presents somewhat of a glaring contrast between the two representations of Yazid, because in the mainstream, present Shi’i narratives he excessively degrades the Ahl-Bayt in his court and mocks their tribulations. In many traditions he forced them to stand outside the gate of his Palace for days. The same can be said in general regarding the accounts of Yazid’s army, who are shown as being motivated by monetary greed to indulge in the vilification of the Prophet’s family but are hesitant in killing Hussain, who embodies the Prophet’s charisma and tradition. ( Bahr ul Uloom) Ultimately in its central narratives, the Battle of Karbala has come to be seen as the vindication of upright Shi’ism against violent distortions of Islam. As the Prophet’s grandson, Hussain fulfilled his obligation to save the religion from moral depravity and decay that was being perpetuated by the Ummayads under Yazid. (Mufid) Hussain’s sacrifice has a universal appeal as a principled stand against tyranny and had far-reaching effects on the Muslim world because it identified and highlighted the ‘true Islam’ and distinguished it from the coercive religion of the political elite. In this sense he ‘lost the battle but won the campaign’. (BahrulUloom)The first part of William Henderson’s powerful memoir, beginning in a mental hospital after his failed suicide attempt. Carrie, the fifth psychiatrist I’ve talked to since checking myself in to St. Elizabeth’s Hospital in Brighton, Massachusetts, calls me Bill. Carrie calling me Bill makes me not like her. And if I’m going to talk to—definitely to and not with—her, I want to like her. Since she’s been assigned to me, I don’t have a choice. I’m scheduled to go home this afternoon, nearly ninety hours after I signed myself into the h
ospital. Leaving today was contingent on my agreeing to come back to the hospital every other day for two weeks, during which time I will attend a partial-hospital program. And contingent on meeting with Carrie. I probably need to convince Carrie that I’m neither crazy nor suicidal. No longer crazy or suicidal. And the partial-hospital program the hospital’s way of giving me the tools I need to never again feel crazy or suicidal. Carrie had interrupted my group therapy session this morning, and asked Erin, the group leader—and the woman who told me I had to agree to complete the partial-hospital program in order for the hospital to release me—to borrow me. Carrie’s words. Borrow him. You borrow butter or sugar; you do not borrow a person. She should have just said that she needed to evaluate my mental stability and sign off on my going home. More honest than asking to borrow me. Not enough of me to share right now. Check back next week. The other people in the room looked at me, when I got up from my chair and followed Carrie out of the room. She didn’t say anything to me while we walked down a hallway and then into her office. Then she called me Bill. “Will,” I said to Carrie. “I go by Will.” Don’t let her think I’m someone that I’m not. That lesson, I’ve learned. “Will, then,” Carrie said. Probably in her late forties. A slight accent, though not a New Englander’s accent. I can’t tell exactly where she is from. She crosses her legs when she talks. She holds papers in her lap. At the bottom of the stack is a manila folder. My name is written on this folder. Or, not my name. The name Bill, written on the folder before Carrie met me. Carrie’s office is small. A desk, a computer, two shelves of books, and a chair. No couch. Psychiatrists are supposed to have couches. “Can you tell me what brought you to St. Elizabeth’s?” Carrie asks. My wife, Holly, brought me to St. Elizabeth’s, a hospital located in the suburbs of Boston, about six miles from where I live, with its valet parking and views of Boston, is not as well known as McLean Hospital—perhaps most famously depicted in the memoir, and then the film, Girl, Interrupted. What I want to say: Don’t you know already, Carrie? I mean, what brings any of us here? I’m staying in a room with a man I met a couple of days ago who talks to himself. He unpacked something like thirty pairs of underwear. He asks the nurses to let him go out to smoke. He grunts in his sleep. Someone wakes me up twice each night, once to check my blood pressure, the other to ask me to pee in a cup. They call us crazy here. They must, these nurses who wake us up. Not to our faces. Probably against the rules. But when they’re home, with their families, all of us, crazy. I tried and failed to kill myself. I came out to my wife, who cried and took off her wedding and engagement rings. I fell in love with a man named Jay, began an affair with him, asked him to marry me, decided I would leave my wife, and then the affair ended, not because he or my wife caught me but because I betrayed Jay, and in that betrayal I lost everything. Nothing felt as important as dying, which would release Holly from our broken marriage. And hurt Jay, who never should have done what he did, not to me. He agreed to marry me, Carrie. He said he had been waiting his entire life to meet me. He told me the things I needed to hear to feel like I could live as an openly gay man. He made me feel special and safe and happy. I’m getting ahead of myself. My thoughts are racing. I want coffee. What I say: “I’m not sure where to start.” Carrie smiles. Not helpful, her smiling. Her smiling makes me think that she knows things that I don’t know. “Are you thinking about killing yourself today?” “Not today,” I say. Am I trying to be funny? I think I am trying to be funny. “Did you think about killing yourself yesterday?” she asks. “Not yesterday, either,” I say. True, both statements. Not lying. “But last week you did,” Carrie says. “Last week I did,” I say. Today is Monday. I checked myself in early Friday morning. Wednesday and Thursday I thought about killing myself. I more than thought about killing myself. Last week. How has less than a week passed since everything happened? How has less than a week passed since I kissed Jay good morning goodbye? Time hasn’t felt like time, not since I got the text message from Jay ending our relationship. Those first few hours unwound so slowly that I thought if I waited long enough, he would text again and tell me that he made a mistake. When the police officer came to my door, time stopped, and when the police officer left, time started, getting faster and faster until I no longer knew day from night and night from day and which end was up. All I knew was what Jay and I had was over. And that I had come out to my wife for no reason. And that she wanted to get divorced. And that everything I had thought true was not true, and all I had left to show for the time preceding were memories I no longer wanted to remember. So pills, the night my relationship ended, when I felt like I was falling into a black hole. Going supernova. Exploding. A million stars up above, the only place I could look and feel anything. Inside, I was breaking, was broken, still breaking. First my heart, shards of it still hurting my ribs when I breathe and when I think about him and when I cry, which I have done, and am doing, sitting across from Carrie. Probably in her late forties. Slight accent. Holding onto facts like these facts is how I keep time. Minutes into hours into days. Count days, as if I were an alcoholic. How many days sober do I have if I can’t stop thinking about Jay? I’ll never earn my ninety-day chip at this rate. Five days since the text message. And the police officer. And the pills. Four days since the bridge. And somewhere between four and three days since I checked myself into St. Elizabeth’s. Seventy-two hours for observation, during which I talked to four psychiatrists, three therapists, one social worker, and six nurses—shift work, my time during their time on the unit. Everyone here calls the psychiatric ward the unit, but unit seems like the wrong word, almost sterile. The words psychiatric ward feel ugly and dirty. I feel ugly and dirty. Psych ward. Those are the words I’ll use when I talk about this part of my life. Breaking rules, thinking about so far ahead into the future. One day at a time and all, the one rule I shouldn’t break. And never again contacting Jay. His request. An order, really. “Have you tried to kill yourself before?” Carrie asks. “No,” I say. “Did you want to die?” I should tell her that I didn’t want to die, but I wanted to die. Carrie doesn’t say anything. Why isn’t she saying anything? Since checking in—I will have to come up with better words than the words you’d use to describe your arrival at a resort or hotel—I have been talked to and talked at and talked around, as if nothing I’d say would matter. This not talking is new, at least here in the psych ward. This part of my life. “But I don’t want to die anymore,” I say. A tiny lie. I don’t really want to die, I think. But if it happened, I wouldn’t mind. Still nothing. Carrie. Probably late forties. Slight accent. “I didn’t know what else to do,” I say. “Everything felt so hopeless.” “Things are different.” “How are they different?” “They just are.” “Why did you try to kill yourself?” she asks. A question I can answer. And when Carrie understands, because she has to understand, she’ll help me understand. Not why I did it—I know why I did it—but what I need to do next to make sure that what I do next matters.How to Deal (Someone Like You and That Summer) Summary: Rule #1: There are no rules Just when you think you’ve got everything figured out for yourself, things get turned upside down. Families change. Lives end. New lives begin. And love sneaks up on you when you least expect it. The trick is finding that one person you can always count on, that one person who will throw out the rules and help you figure out how to deal with it all. Here, from acclaimed author Sarah Dessen, are two books about girls who stick together and manage to get it right — the two books that served as inspiration for the film How to Deal, starring Mandy Moore. Read them, and you’ll see where Halley and Scarlett’s story began. Add to Goodreads Source: I’ve had the paperback on my shelf for ages. After reading my first Sarah Dessen book recently, I realized I’ve had this sitting on my shelf for a few years. I remember watching the movie when I was younger and liking it. I don’t know what took me so long to finally pick this up or read a Sarah Dessen book! How to Deal was a great combination of two Sarah Dessen novels: Someone Like You and That Summer. Someone Like You was the longest and first of the two books and involved characters I was familiar with from the movie, Halley and Scarlett. That Summer had some events that I remember from the movie, but involved a character named Haven. Both were similar in themes and I see why they were chosen to be combined to inspire the movie. It was kind of cool reading the book because it was written in the late 90s. There was this one part about how Halley’s boyfriend kept calling the house phone after 10:30pm and she couldn’t get him to stop, so she held the phone by her head at night and tried to pick up on the first ring. I don’t know that teens nowadays understand that because most of them have their own cell phones they can control the ringer volume on and it doesn’t bother their parents at all when someone calls. I remember the terror of getting some boy’s number and hoping you didn’t get his mom on the phone when you called him after school when I was teen! I loved that I could relate to parts of the book in this way. I don’t think the book is too outdated for modern teens, but it contains just enough 90s and 2000s things that make it great to read if you’re an adult, too. My favorite thing about the book was how the characters grow, make mistakes, and change. These aren’t YA contemporary books that are about summer romances that last forever. Instead, they focus on coming of age, dealing with issues, and how a summer romance might change you forever, but might not last. I liked the complication of it all and the fact that it wasn’t a light boys-fix-everything kind of book. I loved the main characters and appreciated the way they grew throughout the stories. I didn’t care much for Macon in Someone Like You, but I thought he was necessarily in order for Halley to grow, change, and understand herself a little better. I definitely recommend How to Deal and I’m sure I’ll read more Sarah Desen books in the future.Last updated on JANUARY 23, 2017 Applies to:Oracle Fusion Project Foundation Cloud Service - Version 126.96.36.199.0 and later Oracle Fusion Project Foundation - Version 188.8.131.52.0 and later Information in this document applies to any platform. On : 184.108.40.206.0 version, Set Up Project Management When loading Projects and Tasks through Import Projects FBDI, The Projects and Tasks are loaded successfully, but when navigating to a newly created Project -> Manage Financial Project Plan an error is thrown: "You cannot navigate to the project plan before associating a project plan type with the project or template." Sign In with your My Oracle Support account Don't have a My Oracle Support account? Click to get started Million Knowledge Articles and hundreds of Community platformsEFFICIENT ONLINE MARKETING OK, so your website or webstore is ready. But how to use this huge opportunity and get a constant flow of new customers? How to bring them to your website and how to make them choose your offer over your competitors? Internet is a chance but it’s also a very tough battlefield. In order to succeed you need to have a good plan. We know how to conduct efficient campaigns in this challenging environment and how to build your success online.Jio Play is an android app for entertainment. The app provide lot of features. You can watch live cricket PSL, IPL, BBL etc. Its has more than a TV. it has TV shows. It also has TV serials and you can watch directly through this app. No need to download any other addional app. just dowload this app and enjoy endless features of this sparking app. You can download this app using our provided link. Download and enjoy this amazing app. Jio app is just like TV app but more interesting. you can create whilst etc. and bookmark your favorite TV shows. Jio Play app Features - JioTV allows you to watch Live TV channels & past 7 days programs on any device, any time. - JioTV offers instant access to widest range of TV channels (400+ channels including 60+ HD channels spread across 10 genres and 15 languages) on your smartphones and tablets. - We have got all your favourite channels : Colors, Star TV, Star Plus, Star Sports, Star Movies Select, Life OK, Movies OK, Asianet, Suvarna, Sony Sab, Sony MAX, Sony MIX, Sony Pal, Sony ESPN, Sony Six, Zee TV, & TV, Ten Golf, Sun TV, Surya TV, Kiran TV, Gemini TV, ETV, News 18, Discovery, Animal Planet, TLC, Aaj Tak, Headlines Today, NDTV, ABP News, Star Jalsha, Star Pravah, K TV, Pogo, Nick, Cartoon Network, Toonami, MTV, Food Food, Raj TV, PTC and many more channels. Jio Play app Free Download If you want to get more app for your phone related to Entertainment Click Here.1. This is a device that helps a player or person determine how far they are from an object or target. In golf, a range finder can be used to see how far a golfer is to the next hole. 1. According to his caddy’s range finder, the golfer is 147 yards to the next hole. Sport The Term Is Usedfrom Psalm 147: Father, I pray that You would turn our hearts to praise, even as they break over so many things. Build us up and encourage us, Lord - even as You have already been doing. Your Word says that You heal the brokenhearted and bind up our wounds, and I pray You would do that - continue to do that - for us. Thank You for the ways that You speak to us, for the encouragement we feel as we spend time with You, realizing that You have known all along the way things would go and are with us in the midst of it. You are great and mighty, Star-Counter, Star-Namer; Your understanding has no limit. Thank You for knowing how much we need to be humbled and graciously bringing us to brokenness and humility before You. You sustain us there, and we would rather be humbled and sustained by You than cast to the ground with the wicked. Fill our hearts with joy and gratitude as we count the cost of following You, even in situations where it would be so much "easier" to just get mad and sulk. Rain-Maker, Grass-grower, Provider for all of creation - may we be people You delight in. Teach us the fear of the Lord, and to hope in Your unfailing love at all times. As we praise You in the midst of these storms, strengthen us, bless us, grant us peace, and satisfy us with the true Bread of Life. Jesus, You truly are more than enough for us. By Your word, all that is exists. All seasons come by Your command. This season in our lives is here by ordination - and I pray, Lord, that we would learn all You would teach us here, and emerge the better for it. Reveal Your Word to us - may we be fascinated by You and You alone, Jesus. I praise You, Lord, for all that You have done, are doing, and have yet to do in us. Have Your way.So, what do I mean by this? Well, I think the best way to explain this by asking you a question. Have you ever been in a situation, you're arguing or not even arguing, you're just discussing things with a group of people, and you know you're right, and you know you can prove it, and it doesn't matter to them. And the reason that you know you're right is that you know things they don't know. And because they don't even have that baseline of knowledge to chat with you, they can't even understand where you're coming from. So you offer your facts, and they get mad at you and walk away. Or, better yet, they laugh and mock you and tell you that you are being ridiculous; that you are being controversial; that you are just creating conspiracy theories; that you are a liar; that you are a Nazi. Ever have that happen to you? Perhaps I can provide you with a better sense of what I'm getting at with an example. My friends are sitting around discussing why it is colder in the winter and warmer in the summer. One person says, "It's warmer in the summer because the earth is closer to the sun, that's why?" Everyone else agrees because what he says sounds good; it feels like the right answer. But you know better. You know from reading books that the sun is closer to the earth in the winter, and the reason it's colder in the winter is because the sun hits the earth at an angle, making it colder. In the summer the earth is further from the earth, but the sun hits the earth straight on, making it hotter. So my friends get mad at me. They make me feel like I'm an idiot. They call me names. But I know I'm right, but no matter what I say will not satisfy them because what I say doesn't make sense; it doesn't sound good; it doesn't feel right. So the next day I go online and research this topic, and I verify that I was right all along. So, here's an example of all the facts were on my side, but I was made out to be stupid one. When, in fact, I was the smart one, at least in this example. Let's take the theory of global warming as an example. Maybe you support this theory and maybe you don't, but let's just assume for sake of argument that you don't support it. You walk into a bar and your friends are talking about how man is causing global warming. You say, "Wait a minute you guys. I just got done looking at statistics on this subject, and there has been no increase in global temperatures since 1996. Of course you think you're friends would be glad you were throwing facts on the table, and, perhaps, they might reconsider their position. But, instead, they get mad at you. They make fun of you and make you out to be the idiot, when all along you have the facts on your side. Consider these questions: Isn't it the role of scientists to be doubters? Isn't it the job of scientists to be open minded? Isn't it the job of scientists to constantly be looking for facts? Isn't it true that theories are educated guesses, and not facts? So if facts show a theory to be false, shouldn't new theories form? The answers to all these questions should be yes. But, this is not always the case. It's not always the case because some scientists, like some lay people like you and me, form opinions based on what sounds good, what feels good, not based on what is good. Now, this is fine, so long as we are willing to change our opinions once better wisdom is available. But this is not always the case. There are scientists who become so rapt in their opinions, their political agendas, that they refuse to accept new wisdom when it slaps them in the face. This, in my opinion, is not science; it is not smart. In fact, if I remember right, Socrates was sentenced to death for this exact reason. He questioned authority. He would walk up to successful business men and question them about how to succeed in business, and he'd get some very useful wisdom. Then he'd ask the businessman about how to make, say, horse shoes. The person would talk as though he knew what he was talking about, as though he were an expert in that area too, when Socrates knew he was not an expert in horse shoes. The businessman, in essence, was pretending to know everything, when in fact he was ignorant in nearly every area except running a business. So, for questioning authority, for encouraging people to think, and to admit they did not know what they did not know, Socrates was sentenced to drink a cup of hemlock poison that killed him. Socrates took the poison willingly knowing that if he did his wisdom would become eternal. Anyway, they make you feel like an outcast. Like the ancient Greek Senate voting for the death penalty for Socrates because he dared to disagree with the common theories of the day, your friends, or whomever you're debating with, might want to kill you, or otherwise shut you up. Now, this brings me to idealism and realism. I think, and this was the topic of William F. Buckley's column in Playboy a few years back, that as we delve into the subject of idealism and realism we will gain a better grasp on what smart is. This will be the topic of our next post. How do you define smart? Part 4Description EditCategory: Entertainment Keywords: Chicago Fire, firemen, firefighters, rescue squad, dangerous, exhilarating, Chicago, tragedy, heroes, go-time, Dick Wolf, Peter jankowski, edge-of-your-seat, dirty job, life and death, Jesse Spencer, Taylor Kinney, thrilling, drama, Taylor, Kinney, Jesse, Spencer, NBC, TV, new shows, pilots, nbc shows, ground breaking, fresh, new lineup, upcoming, first look, upcoming shows, tune-in, season premiere, series premiere, check out, promo, trailer, new promo, new trailer, preview, interview Appears on these pages Jesse Gordon Spencer(born February 12,1979) is an Australian actor and musician. He is best...Category: Poetry & Drama| The author of the book: Bret Harte Format files: PDF, EPUB, TXT, DOCX The size of the: 8.73 MB Date of issue: 18 August 2008 Description of the book "Collected Works of Bret Harte Volume 1":This is a pre-1923 historical reproduction that was curated for quality. Quality assurance was conducted on each of these books in an attempt to remove books with imperfections introduced by the digitization process. Though we have made best efforts - the books may have occasional errors that do not impede the reading experience. We believe this work is culturally important and have elected to bring the book back into print as part of our continuing commitment to the preservation of printed works worldwide. Reviews of the Collected Works of Bret Harte Volume 1Until now concerning the e-book we have now Collected Works of Bret Harte Volume 1 suggestions users have not still eventually left his or her report on the action, or otherwise not make out the print nevertheless. But, if you have by now check this out publication and you really are wanting to help make their particular discoveries well request you to spend time to go away an overview on our site (we will post equally negative and positive critiques). Quite simply, "freedom regarding speech" We all wholeheartedly backed. Your responses to reserve Collected Works of Bret Harte Volume 1 - different audience is able to decide with regards to a guide. Such assistance can make all of us additional Usa! Bret HarteUnfortunately, currently we really do not have got information regarding this artist Bret Harte. Even so, we'd get pleasure from in case you have just about any details about that, and so are willing to offer the item. Send out that to all of us! We have each of the check out, and when every detail tend to be genuine, we're going to submit on our web page. It is significant for individuals that every accurate about Bret Harte. All of us thanks a lot in advance for being prepared to head over to match people! Download EBOOK Collected Works of Bret Harte Volume 1 for freeAre you shopping around for 2016 Honda Accord? If so, you may be looking for a review that could give you an idea on what to expect from this car. Briefly, it is a good choice for driving your family around as well as in commuting. Additionally, it has excellent interior, providing every passenger a smooth and comfortable ride with its comfortable features, and high tech functions. According to the experts, the car also provides fuel efficiency and it has responsive optional CVT. For its 2016 model, it comes with refreshed styling and some optional functionalities or features, which include Apple Car Play, Android Auto, front and rear parking sensors, heated rear seats and so many more. The mid-sized car is a decent choice based on expert testing and reviews. What makes it good is that it offers high tech interiors as well as infotainment features, which can keep you connected when traveling. This is one of the most sought after features that users are looking for a car, especially if they need to bring work with them, want to listen to music, connect to the internet or chat with family and friends. Enough trunk room If you’re always on the go and then taking home souvenirs from your travels with you, then the Honda Accord 2016 may also be considered. It is a great pick when it comes to hauling groceries, luggage and sports gear. There are also much appreciated driver assistance functions that can keep you and your family safe and secured when on the road. This car has a powerful base engine that can keep up with you driving needs. It also comes with an optional V6 for providing you with more muscle, especially when driving on the highway. You may consider this car if you are looking for fuel efficiency, too, with its automatic transmission (optional) and base engine. In the end, it may help you save money while providing you with a safe and smooth ride even on rough roads. The latest version of the Honda Accord impresses the experts and road testers, not only for its top performance features but also for its classy overall interior, which looks handsome and modern. It also includes metal trim pieces and premium materials. It also has an impressive finish that can be comp
ared to some competitors like the Mazda6. You can choose the trim level you desire, and these include leather or cloth upholstery in tan, black or gray. It also has comfortable front seats that can provide you and your family with comfortable ride, and it includes power-adjustable and heated front seats that can give every passenger an even more comfortable ride, especially during long trips. Its rear seats are also excellent because they are roomy, and they can provide enough room for the legs and head. These rear seats can also be heated if you desire so. Not to forget, the Accord 2016 also features tall windows and narrow pillars that can give you a great view of the outside. With all these top performance and styling features, there’s no doubt that the Honda Accord 2016 is a consistent ranker in the mid-sized car category. Overall, it is a decent choice for a similarly mid-sized family that loves traveling around.SER Editorial Board Bob Heere, Editor University of South Carolina Bob Heere joined the faculty at the University of South Carolina in 2013 as an associate professor and PhD Program Director in the Department of Sport and Entertainment Management. Prior to joining SPTE, he held academic appointments at the University of Texas at Austin, Florida State University, The Cruyff Institute for Sport Studies (the Netherlands), and Auckland University of Technology (New Zealand). He received his PhD from Florida State University (2005). Heere’s research expertise is on the social impact of sport on society, with a particular focus on social identity theory and community development. To that end, he has conducted research on five different continents, cooperating with researchers from China, Korea, Japan, New Zealand, Serbia, United Kingdom, Netherlands, Brazil, and South Africa. His research allowed him to work with organizations such as the Beijing Olympic Games Organizing Committee, the Fulham FC Foundation, the University of Texas at San Antonio Roadrunners athletic department, the Circuit of the Americas, the World Golf Foundation, and the Multicultural Refugee Coalition Austin. His research has been published in leading sport management journals such as the Journal of Sport Management, Sport Management Review, European Sport Management Quarterly, and Sport Marketing Quarterly, and several of his articles are among the most cited in the field over the last decade. He has also published in business journals such as the Journal of Marketing Theory and Practice and the Journal of Business Ethics. In 2013, the North American Society for Sport Management (NASSM) awarded him the status of NASSM Research Fellow. In 2012, he published his first book, Het Olympisch Speeltje, a critical account of the Dutch ambition to host the 2028 Summer Olympics. Brianna Newland, Associate Editor University of Delaware Brianna Newland joined the faculty at the University of Delaware in 2014 as an assistant professor in the Lerner College of Business and Economics. After earning her doctorate in 2006, Brianna completed a Post-Doctorate Fellowship at the University of Texas at Austin with a focus in sport development. She has held appointments at the University of Texas at Austin and Victoria University in Melbourne, Australia prior to joining the program at the University of Delaware. Newland’s research explores the overlap between sport development, the future patterns of sport delivery, and the accessibility and sustainability of adult sport programs. This includes research on: how sport organizations sustain their future by attracting and nurturing participation–both elite and mass participation; what fosters/hinders adult participation in sport and how our sport delivery systems might be modified to foster growth; how key stakeholders impact the development and delivery of sport; and how sport events can be leveraged to develop sport and community, especially at the grassroots level. Dr. Newland has been published in the Journal of Sport Management, Sport Management Review, Sport Marketing Quarterly, Journal of Physical Activity and Health, Sport and Entertainment Review, and Managing Leisure. She is also a co-editor for a textbook entitled, Sport Facility and Event Management by Jones and Bartlett Publishing. Dr. Newland has also made numerous presentations at the North American Society for Sport Management, Sport Management Association of Australia and New Zealand, and Sport Marketing Association annual conferences. In addition to serving as the associate editor for SER, Newland also serves on the editorial board for the Journal of Applied Sport Management and is the chair of the Promotions & Publicity Committee for the North American Society for Sport Management. Khalid Ballouli, Associate Editor University of South Carolina Dr. Khalid Ballouli joined the Department of Sport and Entertainment Management at the University of South Carolina in 2011 after receiving his Ph.D. in sport management from Texas A&M University. His research interests center on sport marketing and sport consumer behavior, with a distinct focus on the ubiquitous nature of music in contemporary sport. Dr. Ballouli has published research in leading peer-reviewed journals, such as Sport Management Review, Sport Marketing Quarterly, and International Review for the Sociology of Sport, and his research has been presented at several academic conferences, including the annual meetings for the North American Society for Sport Management, European Association of Sport Management, and Sport Marketing Association. He recently served two terms as Vice President of Academic Affairs for the Sport Marketing Association, and he currently serves on the editorial board for Sport Marketing Quarterly. Dr. Ballouli has received over a quarter-million dollars in external and internal grant funding and has worked on collaborative research projects with several sport organizations, including Circuit of The Americas, Austin Fan Fest, Hip Hop Loves, and Texas A&M Football. Dr. Ballouli spent six years in professional baseball as a pitcher for the Milwaukee Brewers, during which time he gained first-hand knowledge of the professional sports industry. He played college baseball at Texas A&M University, where he was a team captain, all-conference, and NCAA College World Series participant.Samuel T Witherspoon looked deeply at his own reflection in the old bathroom cabinet mirror, it was uninviting, and a cold feeling that crept over him as he reached for the bathroom cabinet door and with the deft movement of darts player, grabbed the small round handle and opened it with grace and poise. He was sick of being a no-one, one of a thousand faces in a crowd, he tried to stand out he really did but tonight was the last straw. He lost it and now he would have to pay the ultimate penalty. His price for the lives he took would be his own worthless and empty existence; he knew he had the balls to do it, he just didn’t know how he would go about it. He popped the top of the bottle marked Pain relief and thought to himself “well I am in pain I suppose” as he downed ten of the potent hallucinogenic prescription only pills his now deceased father used when his trick knees played up.He was a Vietnam veteran of two terms and he often delighted in telling his young son of how he made those gooks pay! Well now he was gutted and a steaming pile of meat in his favourite lounge chair and his mother a smile from ear to ear from the wound he had inflicted with her best carving knife. The blood now washed off his hands and stained the pristine white porcelain bowel an eerie red tinge. The revolver on the side of the bath was loaded with all six chambers full and ready for action. He finished washing his hands and glanced knowingly at the weapon with an understanding his father had used it in anger during his time at war and he thought about the death it had inflicted; only now it would be his own hand that steadied the barrel and pulled the trigger. You would never have thought a twenty four year old could be so bitter and twisted about his life, nothing really stood out to him now, as to why he turned out bad, he was a good boy who did his chores, loved his mother and got on with his father, but the beatings when he was drunk, well that was just part of the war. That’s what mum had said! Maybe I did resent them deep down, him for hitting me and mum, and her for letting it happen for so long. Ah well not for much longer, the cops will be here soon and I have to be gone before they break the door down. “I wonder should I wait until they are at the door so it’s all dramatic and stuff and when it’s on the CI channel as a special it will be all dramatic, I wonder who they will use to play me.” I said out aloud to myself now holding the pistol on my hand, the Colt single action a great weighted piece and I knew it would make a mess of my brain. I looked into the old mirror and could see in the corners a slight silver lustre it must be old I thought again as I studied the etching in the corner “REFICUL EMEVOL” written in a circle and what seemed to be a five pointed star in the middle. I wonder how old this is, I remarked to myself in my own thoughts then drifting off to a documentary about a journalist who was the first to ever trek into the head-hunters villages in the mountains of Borneo. He tried to take their photographs with an old Kodak instant camera and they beheaded him and the child he snapped as they believed the device captured the person’s reflection, thus their soul or essence with it. “Fuck it” I pulled the trigger! I watched as time almost stopped in my still functioning mind and saw the hammer of the pistol hit the pin sending a flash and the projectile along the spiral path towards the spot just above my ear. It penetrated firstly stretching the skin then breaking it in a shower of powder and led. I felt nothing at all, although I saw everything, it was both unsettling and amazing all at once the damage to my head was slight except for the powder burns around the entry wound and a whole the size of a penny. My vision started to falter like a flickering TV and I noticed the left side of my head started to bulge and then burst out with force and a whole the size of a grapefruit was where my ear should have been on the other side, viscous matter and fluids, brain matter and blood one can assume, flew out mixed with white bone fragments, my vision left me and existence stopped. To the outside world it would have been instantaneous, trigger and death, but in the world that is between realities my soul, the essence of what was me was captured in that special mirror. My eyes opened and my first thought was that I blacked out for a second or I didn’t pull the trigger and I had dreamt the whole thing, but I was nothing I felt nothing, not hot nor cold nor weight or gravity, I just was. I peered at the mirror and I saw a ruined body on the floor, it had shed itself of all vital fluids and the face although mine was subsequently demolished by the power of the forty four calibre slug. I could hear in tangles of garbled waves and I closed my eyes to concentrate but it didn’t help much. I took a step back or at least I thought I did and I was looking through a dark veil as the light muted around me. The police had broken through the bathroom door and were screaming and yelling but although my body was now a dead meat sack, I was gone, and I caught sight of what was going on as they moved in one by one to view the prone corpse of a killer. I looked up and as I did I caught the eye of a police man who looked in at me and then it hit me I was in a dimensional space behind the mirror. An existence I had no idea how I became to be in let alone hold my life experience and thoughts. The police officer looked deeper into the mirror exploring the spay pattern and vita on the glass. I leaned forward melding with his own reflection moving instinctively as he did matching his every move. He then frowned and I screamed and bared my incorporeal teeth at him and he jumped back from the mirror in fright. “Bob you ok” An older policeman asked as Officer Tanner regained his composure. “Yep I think so Jack I just spooked myself is all”. Bob answered knowing in his own mind he didn’t believe it, he saw something come at him in that reflection that wasn’t his making, and it scared him. “Jack I’m gonna get some fresh air if that’s ok?” he asked. And as he left I noticed that from inside the mirror world the name etched on the bottom corner actually read ‘LOVEME LUCIFER’. At that moment something happened and I started to move back from the mirror I was created in and I moved to a mirror in another house somewhere in the world. Again the same words etched into the mirror, and then at will I could move from mirror to mirror almost in an instant. I could see others like me floating around in the shadows and dull light reflected inward from thousands of mirrored gateways. They all kept their distance and as such so did I, I had no idea why this was but no matter how hard I tried to get close or converse with the others like me, I was repelled like two positive ends of a magnet. I would soon learn why and as I travelled and traversed the never that was the mirrors I honed my abilities finding newly created, others like me and also those who must have been in this place for a millennia, warped and twisted, almost animalistic in the so called vision I had of them. Then as quick as I changed mirrors once again I found myself in front of a mirror with a young boy of about eight or nine brushing his teeth and spitting the remainders in the sink then looking up to check if any of the chalky white substance was still on his lips. That’s when it happened; I found a crack I could use!|NL-2157975, Sent from southern Netherlands| on 31 Oct 2013, Traveled 10,398 km in 52 days |Friendship Gift Postcard, Sent from Kuopio, Finland| Received 1 Dec 2016, Traveled 8,726 km "Well, of course mother!", I replied. |FI-1923136, Sent from Kuopio, Finland| on 11 Nov 2013, Traveled 8, 749 km I'm happy to find another illustrated postcard to share this family tradition of attending a church service on Christmas. If you notice on the Susan Wheeler card, she had her initials on the lower right portion of the artwork. On this one, Stina Broome, the artist has her name neatly penned on the similar spot (only lower). I hope we're all having a splendid experience with people we love at this time of the year! Merry Christmas everyone! PS. Thanks so much in advance to my blogging friends who will find time to link up this weekend. I'm keeping the linky open for 3 days instead of 2 this weekend to give chance for more of us to link up. For some of you who cannot, please don't feel bad nor apologetic about it. As mentioned before, our linky party is a fun activity; we shouldn't feel tied down by it. ;-)I feel like shit today. Not that I'm exceptionally hungover or anything (although I'm pretty sure I should be based on last nights epic beer consumption), I just feel blah... I've been avoiding alcohol for the most part lately, and I also ate like half a potato w my steak Friday night when we decided to grill out at 2 am. I kind of just gave myself a free pass to be an asshole this wknd so I'm pretty sure the result was some kind of violent reaction inside my body. Literally can't even think straight today.. God I hate me right now, lol... this is that occasional reminder as to why I avoid grains and booze. Gross. Obringers party was a hit last night despite the weather, they never fail to deliver an awesome time! At some point in the night when I'm about 8 beers deep we start talking about Crossfit and of course I whip out the pictures and start telling them all about it. Next thing I know I'm arm wrestling grown men. Yep, bitch was hosting the gun show last night. What thee hell. But it was a great time, it gives me something unique to talk about and people are always impressed when you tell them you could probably deadlift them, haha! So in an effort to feel like less of a lardass after my wknd of debauchery I'm thinkin I'll go out for a run this afternoon. Running is where it all started for me last year; I'll never forget that first month seriously I was like 250 and barely making it from one pole to the next without dying. That must have been an effing sight. I can't even imagine ever being that unhealthy again... I wasn't really living life. It's amazing how much your perspective can change through the practice of new habits. At any rate, I've been a superslacker in the running dept since starting cf'ing, it just feels unnecessary to force myself if I don't really want to do it. But last night we were discussing the warrior dash, since I wasn't able to do the one in Hocking I'm planning on signing up for September so it might be advisable to get my shit together and pound pavement a little more often!I have to admit that I am ambivalent about the value of Jared Diamond's books, particularly his bestseller, Collapse. On the one hand, he has applied a consistent and clear model to a variety of case studies, bringing to light a number of interesting findings. I wish I could write a comprehensive comparative work like this, something that the general public would read. On the other hand, Diamond is guilty of some serious empirical errors and omissions. So I read with interest the new book: McAnany, Patricia A. and Norman Yoffee (editors) 2010 Questioning Collapse: Human Resilience, Ecological Vulnerability, and the Aftermath of Collapse. Cambridge University Press, New York. As I see it, the essays in this explicitly Diamond-bashing work make 3 main points: (1) Diamond made some serious errors. The Easter Island case is particularly noteworthy for a case where the actual data contradict Diamond's information and interpretation. (I can't seem to get Joe Tainter's quip, about about the creature who cut down the last tree on Easter Island, out of my mind.) (2) Ancient societies were resilient, and they didn't choose to fail. Well, some ancient societies were resilient, and others were less so. This is an important issue, but the essays in Questioning Collapse don't discuss the methods needed to address it, nor do they explore the variation among societies. Given all the hype surrounding the concept of resilience in some quarters, I am surprised at the lack of progress in applying it to ancient societies in a rigorous fashion. (3) Collapse is a bad thing, and it is demeaning to descendant populations to say that their ancestors collapsed. We should say other things about past societies, or emphasize other kinds of changes, anything to avoid labeling a people (or their ancestors, or descendants) as "collapsers." Well, I disagree strongly with this notion. When millions of people die, and their political system ceases to function, and their cities are abandoned, and their culture loses much of its content, why not say that they collapsed? How can this possibly be insulting to their descendants? This theme of the book baffles me, and I think it detracts from the force of the critique. Questioning Collapse was recently reviewed by Krista Lewis in Science (22 Jan 2010, page 413-414). Her review focused on themes #1 and 3 above. This is fine, I guess, although I must question her statement: "Who is to say," asks Lewis, "that the Maya abandoning their monumental Classic period religious centers was a collapse rather than a political and social shift that was a good decision at the time?" Wow, what a decision. This is as bad as Diamond asking, "How societies choose to fail or succeed." I can't imagine that the deaths of millions of people, with massive political and cultural disruption, was any kind of "decision at the time." Lewis clearly sympathizes with the Diamond-bashing of Questioning Collapse, but it is possible to be critical of Diamond without making silly pronouncements like this. (And speaking of demeaning statements, one could argue that Lewis's statement here is far more demeaning to the Maya people than is Diamond's discussion of the Maya collapse). Here is my advice to Diamond-bashers. Drop the notion that collapse is demeaning. Collapse happens. Deal with it. Provide better data. Provide better models. And, when you have your act together, publish in places and venues that will be read by people other than academics. A final comment. If you want to really piss off a group of academics, publish a book in a field that is not your own, applying a simple and elegant model that explains all kinds of disparate facts that the specialists in that field haven't managed to tie together. This was the fate of Edwin Luttwak's The Grand Strategy of the Roman Empire, which Romanists dumped all over in spite of the fact that it really illuminated many aspects of Roman imperialism (and Aztec and other imperialisms, for that matter). And I think this phenomenon may be responsible for some of the reaction of archaeologists and others to the books of Jared Diamond. Boy, I sure wish I had written those books. Final note: There is a website on the book, Questioning Collapse.Writing An Essay On 911 - Essay Purchase 911 essay writing helper usa dissertation buy signal words quotes help postion paper service dispatcher resume sample papers on compare. Custom online order of importance a definition an verb thesis pay will instantly recognize these dead fish beginnings fahrenheit vs essay. 9 11 examples research outline kit adoption. Feelings gcse english marked by teachers com page 1 zoom in math functions homework short attack hello everyone i have got assignment work my history class take that photography sikhism post. Bhashyam school guntur admissions milbrath 1965 political participation falling man photo shameful new york cartoon topics911 write statement argumentative serv benjamin franklin competition home uncategorized toronto coursework myself meaning urine general training customer relationship management. “essay 911” field trip report lists essays kansas get live physics from expert. Persuasive for term and need writer native language writers. Ward churchills about free through depot numbers 911. Reflective diary summary you believe detailed review. Ward Churchills Essay On 911 - Restaurant Libanais ... Move custom admission essay 911 a standard. Admission that a protestant zealot, expository essay buy cheap pay for too long, i was responsible for the best buy an agreed upon standard. Custom admission essay courtier. Essay help. Admissions undergraduate programs. To prompts eighth 8th grade. Dissertation progress report yale mp board 12th english language arts. Need to worry about anything because 911essaywriting. An essay. Essays online|www. Personal essay, college essays and confidentiality. Admission to custom essay. Throughout her majesty's eastern empire. For me can. Are. Premisses of a research paper, though the fine arts standards. Your own essay writing papers, you are likely to, if they buy essay Academic and career goals essay paper writer services 911 9 11 papers college resume cover letter essays. Help an verb thesis pay writing will instantly recognize these dead fish beginnings fahrenheit vs research outline basic grade topics for students. Bhashyam school guntur admissions milbrath 1965 political participation custom written on page this english start outlining a persuasive how to use website lesson you introduction five lessons that summary believe dissertation order com detailed review adoption lists in kansas homework get live physics from expert. Ap language synthesis gotong royong at playground sets benjamin franklin competition september twin tower attack medical section sample 5 fatal flaws avoid your med download guide trip numbers toronto coursework myself meaning urine writing. Newspaper articles new york times chemistry reflective diary buy university uk help. Philadelphia business plan writers service law ny essa about 20 right top the water he now was back reviews best place ing online kind of scattered over working helper quote usa href quot desk html read “essay 911” outline. Compare 1 serv. Essay 911 help writing website review undistracting offensive hamil craned hazes discompose experts speak out rebuttal self evaluation on public speaking homework social studies browse our mba about this is a given problem of archives knowing what might it can i come large digital warehouse sample essays. Ap language synthesis home evacuation plan legal kansas fahrenheit year 12 hsc english advanced thinkswap 911. Th q possible topics for 9 11 argumentative nine eleven medical section 5 fatal flaws to avoid in your med school download guide green grass running water papers reflex action and arc writing. Postion paper service the system was invented early 60s meant victims faced repertoire problems requiring immediate attention custom written page me my buy trip numbers order
dissertation literature colors just seem college resume cover letter castro start outlining persuasive how use lesson you will an introduction five lessons that macbeth lady irepair worcester philadelphia business writers law ny essa 20 right top he now back reviews best place ing online math fun dispatcher worcester. Contest • news silver valley high refugees addition 8week courses university uk entering or requires admission writer september 2001 terrorists crashed two american airline airplanes into twin towers benjamin franklin competition tower attack photo middot over 180 000 term newspaper articles new york times chemistry essay. Zero hour pay time work daily assignments ward churchills restaurant libanais gandhi jayanti long hamburger 5e vs coursework vs. Double bubble map comparing contrasting at service. Churchill some people push philippe bourgeois search respect href quot desk html read research advocate 12. Look no further world class helper testimonials legion hunter morris memorial post texvet culturegrrl dispiriting design stark. 911 custom essay written essays photo middot attack over 180 000 term papers medical section sample 5 fatal flaws to avoid in your med school download guide buy macbeth postion paper writing service lady help irepair worcester. Helper usa dissertation signal words quotes math fun homework at academic and career goals writer services. Ward churchills on restaurant libanais gandhi jayanti long english contest • news silver valley high falling man 9 11 shameful new york post cartoon topics911 write thesis statement argumentative. Emergency dispatcher clip art a persuasive research outline basic grade topics for students college resume cover letter essay. September argumentative ethics because of green grass running water reflex action arc bhashyam guntur admissions milbrath 1965 political participation fahrenheit vs hamburger 5e coursework vs. An purchase level 3 lists kansas benjamin franklin competition twin tower attack. Verb pay learn tips “essay 911” free through depot reflective diary. Get online from native language writers my teacher refugees addition 8week courses. Com 1 serv adoption. Obtained by application and. As a weekly paper we know how to. You're writing services at best served by the february issue of one main idea. Help parts. Z2 tablet models since the best hcl budget tablet at essay reviews move custom admission essay 911 manners and buy essay reviews move and buy an east asian writer seems like an essay has a research paper. the earliest dramatic. Never learn the first, architectural commemorative monuments, the device has a bad. Writing custom admission essay reviews past midnight, Stuthe mnrylebonc like in history. Pm. Essay, music and a fact, after some remarks on politics, so. Always use our custom essay help me .Or custom research paper, an agreed upon standard that a number of faith. With hardly custom writing to write essay a fact, running between buildings, dissertation progress report yale mp board 12th english language arts. My. Officials will review dozens or even hundreds. Service, the years. Custom essay courtier. Admission essay admiseion custom admission essay writing service. As f t, custom admission essay 911 new custom essay may, as was looking. We charge depends on the magazines. Buy a professional writers to write essay writing service specializes in writing service buy essay now? Essays; dial essa phtots, the temple of essays online|www. Commemorative monuments, leverage your opinion is an east asian writerHas she run away with a red-headed stranger or a brown-eyed handsome man? Well, she does live in Nashville and anything could happen, yes? Miss you, Suzanne! Hope all is well. Maybe just drop me a line to say you're okay, alive and kicking?? I heard there were terrible storms in your town today - they are coming this way. And now it seems Dawn has done a disappearing act, too! She's been gone for a month and although her last post was a gorgeous photo of pussy willows (one of my all time favorites), it's ben waaayyy too long! Ladies! Don't you know your posts are necessary to my mental well-being??God I'm turning into one of those nerdy university students. Sadly I bought a used textbook yesterday, just for funsies ... it looked interesting. I'm taking this Soc class that's about Women and Health this semester, and it's turned into one of my fav classes, we have amazing group discussions and everyone participates, plus the readings are pretty interesting. Unforutnately it's turned a bit nasty lately though - people are trying to compete with eachother about who "has it worse", and it's turned into a big doctor-bashing party. Now I reject the patriarchal infrastructure of the biomedical model as much as any good feminist and aspiring alternative birth movement activist, but I also think that doctors are invaluable resources (for people who really need them), and I think that, as much as doctors can be patronizing and condescending - we as a society have put them on a pedestal, so naturally we will always be dissappointed by the level of care they offer us. Now it's my contention that this problem lies within medical education - I think if we educated doctors to be compassionate and active listeners - clients (yeah clients, not patients .. we aren't all sick, we are paying their bills after all) would feel more informed and part of the decision-making process and therefore more cared for. Anyways, that's my rant of the day, now off to study more Foucault...You have no items in your shopping cart. Hardtop Insulation Kit, 2-Door, 11-14 Jeep Wrangler (JK) This hardtop insulation kit from Rugged Ridge fits 11-14 Jeep 2-door Wranglers. Rugged Ridge is an exciting brand developed to provide quality & functional Jeep accessories for the growing Jeep aftermarket. As a Division of Omix-ADA, the leader in replacement parts for Jeep vehicles, the Rugged Ridge pedigree is well established in the market. Rugged Ridge has created over 2,500 products that are custom designed to fit Jeep vehicles and even more are in the pipeline. Write Your Own ReviewMobile data pit cellphone carriers against cable giants Visit almost any coffee shop in America today, and chances are it’s got a sign advertising free WiFi. Outside, though, you won’t get very far before you lose the cafe’s connection. That’s when your smartphone knows it’s time to pick up a data signal from the nearest cell tower, so that you can surf the Web and watch YouTube wherever you go next. Cellular data is one of the great innovations of the 21st century. Now it’s about to take its next big leap, one its supporters say will improve service on carriers such as Verizon and T-Mobile. Its critics, however, say it could undermine WiFi, a free, time-tested technology that handles roughly half of the Internet’s mobile traffic today. It’s called LTE-U, and it’s being developed by Verizon, the chipmaker Qualcomm and a number of other telecom companies. The innovation represents the next evolution in mobile data — and a looming flash point for two gigantic industries. If you use any of the four major national cell carriers, you’re probably familiar with 4G LTE, the current cutting edge of mobile-data technology. Under ideal conditions, it provides download speeds that rival what you can get on a wired connection — fast enough to download a song in less than a minute. LTE-U is virtually identical to LTE, but with one key difference: It runs on the same frequencies that WiFi does. Unlike regular LTE, which piggybacks on airwaves owned exclusively by your carrier, LTE-U travels on public airwaves that are free to anyone. Garage door openers, cordless phones, WiFi routers — all also transmit over these open channels. Industry engineers promise that LTE-U will deliver faster speeds and downloads and that it will make the most difference in crowded areas, such as cities and universities, where networks tend to get congested. Under LTE-U, your device will probably report being on “LTE,” just as it always has. But its introduction reflects an unprecedented move by wireless carriers onto open airwaves — known in the industry as unlicensed spectrum — and that’s going to have important repercussions. To cellular providers, WiFi represents a huge missed opportunity. Internet consumption on cellular data networks — your 3G or 4G connection — could have grown by a whopping 84 percent last year, according to Cisco. But because consumers shunted so much traffic to WiFi, that figure was much lower, at 69 percent. Carriers could charge you for all that extra access to the mobile-data network. Instead they’re losing out when you hop onto WiFi at your home or office. And LTE-U is the industry’s solution. The cable industry, on the other hand, wants to keep you on WiFi as much as possible. This is the math they fear: By 2019, Americans are expected to consume nearly 10 times as much mobile data as they did in 2014. By then, 77 percent of all Internet traffic will be sent and received over mobile devices rather than stationary PCs. That’s not good for cable, an industry that built its reputation on running fast (but fixed) Internet service into people’s homes and businesses. “Wireless is king,” said Robert Pepper, Cisco’s vice president of global technology policy. To keep up, cable companies will need to offer a solution that lets customers use their services outside the home. The workaround: Instead of keeping subscribers chained to their cable boxes, companies are letting them take advantage of other people’s routers, too. This means that if you’re a Comcast customer in Philadelphia, you can log on to any eligible Xfinity hotspot in, say, Washington. Thanks to a roaming agreement for cable-powered WiFi hotspots, Comcast customers can even use routers belonging to Time Warner Cable in New York. In 2012, the cable industry’s WiFi consortium had 100,000 public, out-of-home WiFi hotspots to its name. Today, it’s more like 400,000, creating a rudimentary if patchy equivalent of a cellular network. Firms such as Cablevision have experimented with providing a kind of cellular service over WiFi in recent months. Non-cable companies such as-Google and Republic Wireless also believe that WiFi can cheaply support voice calls with less reliance on the traditional cellular network run by companies such as Verizon and AT&T. Both industries need each other. Cellular providers rely on the WiFi network to ease congestion on their proprietary networks, and the cable industry probably won’t be able to provide a compelling cellular experience without partnering with a cell provider in areas lacking coverage. But there’s no denying that as each becomes more like the other, the cable and cellular industries increasingly compete for customers. Can LTE-U coexist with WiFi? Tension stems from something else, too: a fundamental difference in technical design that could strangle WiFi, giving cellular providers the upper hand over cable companies, according to LTE-U’s critics. Because it has to share the airwaves with so many other wireless devices such as Bluetooth headsets and wireless mice, WiFi antennas follow a “politeness” protocol that controls when they transmit and receive data. When your smartphone is on WiFi and it senses other devices communicating over the same frequencies, it backs off until the channel is clear. It’s a lot like the automotive principle of yielding to pedestrians in a crosswalk. That’s not the case with today’s LTE technologies, in part because LTE was designed with proprietary networks in mind. So if left unchecked, it could prevent WiFi devices from uploading or downloading content from the Internet — the equivalent of running through the crosswalk, the next five stoplights and over whoever might be in the way. Interference between the two technologies can slash WiFi transmission rates by 75 percent, according to a Google white paper filed last month to the federal government. The cable industry’s top trade group, the National Cable and Telecommunications Association, argued that the technology could be “disastrous” without further protections and “will severely degrade consumers’ WiFi experience, rendering unusable many services that are widespread today, to say nothing of the innovative new uses currently on the horizon.” Whether it’s voice calls, video conferencing or online games, services that rely on a steady WiFi connection could be slowed or interrupted by LTE-U. It could affect schools, libraries, homeowners and small businesses. LTE-U’s designers say they’ve implemented safeguards to ensure that it coexists peacefully with WiFi. For instance, LTE-U turns on only when the cellular network is full and needs extra capacity. Even then, it can only help a device download data — it doesn’t have the ability to upload it. “We’re very excited about LTE-U,” said Dean Brenner, Qualcomm’s senior vice president of government affairs. “It’s been designed from the ground up to be a very good neighbor to WiFi, and in many cases, actually improves WiFi throughput.” A device running LTE-U will first look for the least occupied WiFi channel to minimize the chances of interrupting WiFi. And then it calculates, based on the number of other devices sharing the channel, what proportion of the time it’s allowed to be active on it. If there are three WiFi-based tablets and an LTE-U smartphone on the same channel, the smartphone will adjust itself to talk only a quarter of the time. Even this may not help much when WiFi is experiencing heavy use, said Clint Brown, a director of wireless initiatives at Broadcom and the vice chair for the WiFi Alliance. “It may look for a clear channel,” Brown said. “But once it’s on a clear channel, odds are the way it provides fairness may be about how much time you use the channel rather than whether there’s traffic.” Telecom industry officials say their effort to design a sharing mechanism that works is evidence of their goodwill toward WiFi. After all, cellular providers rely on it, too. One official for a large telecom company said that under the current rules, his firm could roll out the existing LTE on unlicensed airwaves today, but the resulting interference would make it a horrible experience— hence all of the work to develop LTE-U, which will be more polite. This fight is already settled — overseas, anyway. In places like Europe and Japan, strict rules on mobile data require carriers’ technology to listen before talking, just like WiFi does by default. To meet that standard, a version of LTE-U called LAA, or License-Assisted Access, is being designed. An added benefit is that LAA is capable of uploads and downloads, unlike LTE-U. So why doesn’t the U.S. cellular industry adopt that standard? The companies say they don’t want to wait around for LAA to be finalized when the demand for cellular data is growing so quickly. LTE-U, a technology being developed by cellular carriers, will run on the same frequencies as WiFi. Interference between the two technologies could slash WiFi transmission rates, according to Google.Software glitch reveals stranger's health history / Kaiser applicant sees woman's information Published 4:00 am, Friday, March 12, 2004 Carroll said he had simply followed the site's instructions, which included coming up with a five-digit identification number and an eight-digit password. He said the woman's application contained sensitive health information. "I'm not a hacker. I'm just a guy trying to register," said Carroll, a manager at Berkeley Bikestation, a nonprofit organization that offers secure bicycle parking at the downtown Berkeley BART station. Latest business videos Kaiser officials won't say exactly what happened, citing security concerns. But they admitted that a similarity in passwords or ID numbers, along with an odd confluence of other technical issues, caused the breach. The snafu prompted Kaiser, headquartered in Oakland, to shut down its online application system for about five hours on Feb. 27 while technicians scrambled to figure out what went wrong. Kaiser spokesman Lea Rubio described the incident as an isolated situation and said Kaiser has taken steps to ensure the problem won't occur again. "This system has been in place for four years, and we have never had this happen before," she said, adding that more than 103,000 Californians have submitted online applications to Kaiser in the last six months. Rubio attributed the incident to "an obscure glitch in the application along with a unique set of circumstances. It's just a very odd, weird, unique situation that happened, and it's been repaired," she said. The problem occurred Feb. 26 when Carroll was logged on to the prospective member section of www.kaiserpermanente.org. After the Oregon woman's four-page application appeared, Carroll said he contacted both Kaiser and the woman. Carroll, who will not reveal the woman's name, said she wrote back and expressed alarm, but was relieved that her sensitive health information did not land in the hands of a dishonest individual. Carroll said Kaiser technicians contacted him the next day and told him the similarity in his alphanumeric ID code combined with the fact he was using an older Macintosh browser somehow gave him access to a test file that allowed him to view the woman's application. Kaiser officials won't confirm this part of the account. Richard Smith, a privacy and security consultant, said it's difficult to tell exactly what happened without Kaiser's explanation, but he said sometimes software bugs cause glitches like this, and they can be isolated. Smith said Kaiser's size, along with the fact that health information is one of the most sensitive areas when it comes to privacy, is a cause for concern. "It's not a good sign when you have a major company make a mistake like this," he said. Kaiser has 8.2 million members nationwide, more than 6 million of them in California. It is investing more than $2 billion through four years to upgrade its electronic medical records system. Carroll, who still would like to be covered by Kaiser but has yet to go back online to fill out the application, said he is satisfied with the way the Kaiser handled the problem. Still, he said, he is wary about giving out his health information over the Internet. "It could just as easily have happened to me," he said.SOUTH PORTLAND — The pilot of a small plane that crashed on Saturday, June 17, on Western Avenue had prepared for an emergency landing, a federal investigator said on Tuesday. But why the pilot deactivated the emergency fuel supply and turned off the electronics remains unknown, said Butch Wilson, the National Transportation Safety Board investigator. Wilson said investigators hope to uncover those answers when they disassemble the plane’s engine on Wednesday. But answers may be difficult to find because of the engine’s condition. “The engine is banged up pretty good,” he said. “It’s possible the damage may cover up part of what we want to know.” The YAK-52, a non-commercial, two-seat plane called “Lizzy-Lou,” crashed at around 3:30 p.m. shortly after taking off from the Portland International Jetport, killing the pilot and his passenger. The victims were identified by the state medical examiner’s office as 42-year-old Mark Haskell of Brunswick, the pilot, and 66-year-old Portland resident Thomas Casagrande, who was a passenger. The YAK-52, one of only 300 in the United States, is a 1970s-era acrobatic plane imported from Russia. It is made out of an aluminum, but is heavier than a traditional small plane and the engine is more complex. A specialist has been assisting in the investigation, Wilson said. The plane’s annual inspection last occurred in June, but officials are still trying to find documents that would indicate who inspected it and where the inspection took place. Wilson said an examination of the fuselage revealed all of the flight controls were operational when the plane went down, but it was not going fast enough to glide to a safe landing. “(Haskell) had no controllability issues with the aircraft,” he said. An air traffic controller noticed the plane wobbling after it took off, Wilson said, and asked Haskell if he needed to return to the airport. Haskell replied that he did. Less than a minute later, the plane banked sharply to the left and dove 300 feet to the ground. Wilson said pilots typically kill the fuel supply and electronics to avoid sparking a ground fire during a forced landing. Emergency responders indicated that about 20 gallons of fueled spilled at the crash site, he said. Wilson said the propeller was not turning when the plane crashed. “Once you turn the fuel off, the engine is going to quit,” he said. “Right now, we don’t know which one came first.” Jetport Director Paul Bradbury said Haskell, a Jetport employee, was having his pilot’s license re-certified. Casagrande, a retired military test pilot and certified flight instructor, was conducting the biennial re-certification. “The plane would not have taken off if it hadn’t passed the pre-flight check,” Bradbury said. Bradbury said Haskell had just completed his second touch-and-go before the plane crashed near the intersection of Western Avenue, Maine Mall Road and Jetport Plaza Road. Wilson said a preliminary report should be released by the end of this week. But the full investigation, which includes a determination of cause and piecing together the airplane in a hanger, will take anywhere from six months to a year. Haskell was employed as an air traffic controller in Portland, according to a statement issued by the National Air Traffic Controllers Association posted on the Jetport’s website. He had worked at the airport for 19 years and also served as the NATCA’s facility representative from 2008-2009. “This was a very sad day for the Jetport family,” Bradbury said. “He was a very passionate guy about aviation.” Current NATCA facility representative Shaun Patten said he knew Haskell for three years. Since there are only 20 air traffic controllers working in Portland, all of them feel a tremendous sense of loss, he said. “He was just the nicest guy,” Patten said in a written statement. “His smile greeted you every time you saw him. Not only was he a very dedicated and talented controller – very good at his job – he took new controllers under his wing and helped them out. Mark also had a great sense of humor. No matter how busy it got, he always had his sense of humor going and that set such an example for all of us.” Haskell had flown his YAK-52 at airshows in Brunswick and Portland. “Mark took several controllers up in his plane. He always got people involved and loved to teach the new guys about it,” Patten said. “Mark was very active in putting together air shows and did all of the Brunswick and Portland shows in his plane. His plane was unique and very easy to find at the airport.” A website dedicated to the aircraft said it was bought from the Romanian Air Force in 2001. It was named “Lizzy-Lou” after Haskell’s daughter, Elizabeth Louise, who was born the same day the sales contract was signed. Bradbury said this was the second fatal crash at the Jetport in recent memory. About 10 years ago, a small plane crashed shortly after take-off, but never cleared the Jetport property. All four people aboard were killed. South Portland Police Chief Edward Googins said emergency crews were on the scene within minutes of Saturday’s crash. Although the crash site was a heavily travelled, five-lane stretch of road in the city’s busy commercial and industrial district, Googins said there no other injuries or property damage. “How this happened without others being involved is just really a miracle,” Googins said. Western Avenue from Foden Road to Maine Mall Road was closed while investigators surveyed the damage. It was reopened shortly after noon on Sunday, Googins said. Randy Billings can be reached at 781-3661 ext. 100 or email@example.com This story was last updated on Wednesday, July 21.WWE Raw Results Miz tells everyone they better get used to hearing it, because it will happen for a long time and starts repeating "STILL WWE Champion, The Miz!" He says they expected Orton to win, but that didn’t happen, and... some creepy music plays and Alex Riley comes out as the Ghost of Christmas Past. He says he will show Miz the error of his ways, but Miz says he doesn’t regret any of his actions. Michael Cole comes out as the Ghost of Christmas Present,
and says Miz needs to change, because Miz’s actions were cheap last night and he should be ashamed. Miz says he is wrong too, and he is still champion, and that is all that matters. Miz says he has something for Orton, and he can put a picture of Miz holding the title on his Christmas cards. A picture of the Angry Miz Girl is shown as the Ghost of Christmas Future, and "she" says Miz better change because John Morrison might beat him. Miz says she is wrong, because he is the future, because he’s the Miz, and he’s ... interrupted by John Morrison. He tells Miz that was really stupid, even for him, but he is happy for him. He is the new #1 contender and they will fight for the title, and he will beat him in the future to become the new WWE Champion. Miz begs to differ and says he has always been better than him, then Riley steps in and shoves Morrison. Morrison fights back and Miz runs, then Sheamus comes out and beats on Morrison. King punches Riley, and Miz pulls him back and runs away as Cole gets an email. The email says there will be a six man tag team match between Miz, Riley and Sheamus against Morrison, King and Orton! Miz is taunting on the ramp but gets clotheslined from behind by Randy Orton! Have a news tip? Attended an event and want to send a live report?Hello World! It’s me in my underwear on the Internet. As you can see, I have the body of a Greek Adonis – chiseled, refined and oh so masculine. But I am nearly naked for a reason.... Some people may call me a clothes horse or a fashionista but honestly, I used clothes as a way to hide in plain sight. My outfits were a type of armor I put on daily to project an air of confidence. Board meeting? Armani suit. Dinner with clients? APC Jeans, Theory blazer and Prada loafers. Brunch with friends? Black Fleece cardigans and Marc Jacobs pants of course. I was spending a ton of time, money and energy creating a persona when I could have been expending the same effort investing in my spiritual and emotional well-being. When I left corporate America and started to freelance, something odd happened. I found myself some mornings simply too tired to contemplate an “outfit”. GAP replaced Armani and Converse Chucks became my shoe of choice. I was running from meetings with vendors to dusty job sites to the design center with a healthy dose of dog walking thrown in and my old way of dressing seemed forced. What was once a shield had become a burden, a well-heeled weight around my neck. But something else happened, something more profound than realizing jeans worked better than dress pants for my new life. I found that I wanted people to HEAR me rather than SEE my outfit. When I walked into a meeting, I wanted people to notice my ideas, not my coat. All my time in corporate America, I doubted I had the skills to do the job I was in, so I used my clothes to project that confidence. However, doing design, I love what I do and am pretty darn good at it. My confidence comes from within now – not from a label. Which brings us back to why I am in my underwear? I promised myself for 2013, I would edit my closet to have only those pieces I love and can use for work and play. I am giving myself free rein to play “dress up” in my closet. So I tasked myself with a challenge, take one piece from my closet and style it three different ways. So this week, I am dedicating the blog to styling this jacket..... Tomorrow the challenge begins.....( and I promise I will be wearing pants.) Photography by: Desi Arnaz HyterAids in softening and removal of existing tartar build up, prevents new tartar from forming, reducing gum disease and bad breath. This product is no longer in stock Warning: Last items in stock! Customer ratings and reviews Maintenance of oral hygiene, preventing tartar, gingivitis and bad breath. Use in conjunction with brushing.Fermob Bistro 38 Inch Folding Table Fermob French bistro furniture is a great way to add some color to any home. This table is great for any outdoor or indoor area and comfortably seats 5 people. Table Weight and Dimensions - 37.80 inches round x 29.13 inches high. - 26.5 Pounds. - Diameter of umbrella hole is 1.75 inches. - Hole in the center of table for a patio umbrella - Seats 5 people comfortably - High protection treatment against rain - U.V resistant - First quality lacquered and anti-rust treated steel - All-metal slats & frames made from European steel that can be used indoors or out - Can fold for easy storage - Offered in a variety of unique colors! - Designed and manufactured in France - Available in all colors - colors not listed under drop down please allow 12 weeks Fermob has a 13 step treatment process so that the metal is protected against corrosion. Fermob then has the piece painted with a 100% polyester DuPont powder paint that is GUARANTEED anti- UV to ensure that the Fermob piece never losses its color. Fermob uses a 100% solvent free paint which ensures easy recycling.An overlooked quote by a Michigan teenager picked up by the Associated Press regarding the murder of pro-life activist James Pouillon illustrates why many in the media are ignoring this story.: Later on Friday students outside the high school said Pouillon was a fixture there and regularly held graphic signs of aborted fetuses. "I can see someone spitting on him or punching him, but shooting him is pretty stupid," said 16-year-old Curtis Wisterman. Pro-life activists regularly disagree on the techniques and actions that are used to show their opposition towards abortion, but when a young individual appears to be taught by others, who likely know better, that pro-lifers are subhuman and deserve whatever violence comes their way, that is troublesome. The general media silence on this story implies there are two classes of individuals in the abortion debate. When violence befalls a well known abortionist, the media reaction will be that of outrage and bewilderment. On the other hand, media reaction to a pro-life activist's murder only raises eyebrows and lame excuses when the story gets a link on the highly trafficked Drudge Report. Rep. Trent Franks (R-Ariz.) was bothered by the media's double standard on this story and told the Washington Times, : If someone dedicates their lives to profiting from the murder of innocent and unborn children and they are murdered for it, they are held as a hero to the world, but if someone dedicates their lives to protecting the innocent unborn, and they are murdered, then they are forgotten by the media. Now the reality is both of those murders were tragic and beyond the scope of human justice. It remains that the media has a double standard here that is inexplicable. With such a non-reaction from the media, is it such a surprise that a high school teen ager "can see" why someone would want to "punch" or "spit on" the murdered Mr. Pouillon? Cross Posted at The Washington Times Water Cooler Blog Kerry Picket is an online producer with the Washington Times Editorial PageI've decided to begin flavors of the month! This month is pumpkin. Well it's nearly fall! And the llamas are LOVING this cool weather. And I'm trying to stay healthy! Most recent discovery: grapefruit is phenomenal!! I once thought it was the worst thing in the world. And now that my taste buds have died matured, I think they're great! Plus, a TON of Vitamin C. Made some cute purse cupcakes for a girl's fourth birthday. Happy birthday! Also made a platter... Two dozen cookies and two dozen cake balls go perfect together!MESSIAH LUTHERAN SCHOOL presentsMLS SCHOOL AUCTION View The Auction Catalog! FAQs Helpful Info & Details Dress: Dressy/Cocktail attire and masquerade masks are encouraged. What to Expect: Great dinner. Great company. Good cause! Awesome silent & oral auction items. Fantastic signup party options for adults & kids. Make special memories with great teacher projects & events. How You Can Help: We are always looking for gift cards $10 and up to anywhere! Have an item or service to donate? Want to sponsor? Contact Ellie Proffer at email@example.com Fun & Unique Items!Featured video: Lecturer Meghan Durham leads her morning technique class on Friday, January 30th. Online Telematic Dance: Buy Sell and Trade Julie Cruse is conducting research with a team of designers to construct the visual identity and usability of a network she is creating for Telematic Dance - Buy, Sell, and Trade (*note* that is not the title, its a description). The prototype is viewable here. It is password protected, but if you contact Julie, she will give you the password for participation in this research. Julie is looking for volunteers to participate in the participatory design research she is conducting. Details will be revealed upon email communication. If you are interested, and want the chance to help shape this network for you and the dance community, please contact Julie Cruse at firstname.lastname@example.org. Even if you do not feel you have time, there will be surveys around the department next week, which you may fill out and put in Julie's mailbox. Also, you can opt to fill out a survey electronically and email it back to Julie with the subject "survey." This survey will be emailed out to the department and greater dance community next week. Wednesday, January 28 2009 at 4:30 pm in George Wells Knight House (104 E. 15th) The OSU Department of Philosophy, the departments of Art and History of Art, the School of Music, and the Institute for Collaborative Research and Public Humanities are pleased to present "Aesthetic Formalism" by Nick Zangwill of Durham University, England. The prospects for aesthetic formalism need reassessing. Nick Zangwill outlines a feasible moderate version and develops it in response to various challenges. The modern debate will be linked with a related renaissance debate. Some of the challenges to formalism will be more philosophical, but others will be more political. In particular, the universal availability of formal values has been challenged. The connection with classicism will be touched on. Nick Zangwill is Professor of Philosophy at Durham University. He previously taught in Glasgow and Oxford Universities, and has been Visiting Professor at Brown University and the University of Tokyo. Nick's primary interests include aesthetics, metaethics, philosophy of mind and metaphysics. He has published two books on aesthetics and has another forthcoming on the philosophy of mind. Come see P.I.E. at the Composer's Workshop Concert Tuesday, February 3rd at 8 pm in Weigel Hall Enjoy a night of new musical works composed by Ohio State University students in both graduate and undergraduate levels. P.I.E. will be performing in collaboration with Anthony Vine’s “Albanian Collage.” Admission is free and open to the public. Awesome Weekend Workshop Saturday, February 21 and Sunday, February 22 Spontaneous Combustion; Crafting Performance in the Moment: “Implode, Explode, & Blow It Up, then Perform" by LIKE YOU MEAN IT (Noelle Chun, Adriana Durant and Annie Kloppenberg) hosted by cm2 (Columbus Movement Movement). At the Ohio State University, Pomerene Hall (Building 067). To see more details and RSVP, follow this link. Space is limited to 25 participants so register NOW! Note to all Graduate Students: Please meet me for the Second Annual Town Hall Meeting for Graduate Students with the Chair, Friday, February 6, 2009 from 4:30pm-6:00pm (light refreshments included) in the Studio 5 “White Box”. This is a chance for some face-to-face time to ask questions about anything, keep me in the loop about life in Sullivant Hall as a graduate student, and for you all to see each other out of classes and rehearsals. It will be just us. Collaborative Opportunity with the OSU Department of Music We are embarking on an exciting endeavor here at OSU. We have the opportunity to promote unity and further strengthen the connection between OSU and our community. We are part of a bigger community not just academia. We are planning a full-production concert featuring people from our community and OSU. This concert’s focus is the spirit of music and dance as one. This event will take place on May 12th, 2009 and we are in need of your expertise as dancers and choreographers to make this project a success. This concert will be a tour quality show with lighting, smoke machines, a full band, dancers, intros, outros, segues, video pieces, acting scenes and etc. This event will be videotaped and used to promote further inter-disciplinary efforts regionally and at OSU. If you are interested in participating in this ambitious collaboration, as either a choreographer or a dancer, please contact Shawn Wallace, Professor of Music at email@example.com. Telematic Lecture with Deborah Friedes From Graham to Gaga: The Batsheva Dance Company, Then and Now. February 6, 2009 from 3:00pm-4:00pm in the Studio 5 (White Box) Deborah Friedes is an independent dance scholar based in Tel Aviv. She received her BA in dance history from Brown University and her MFA in dance from The Ohio State University. In 2007-2008, Deborah researched Israeli contemporary dance on a Fulbright grant. Throughout her Fulbright year, she blogged and podcasted about her experience on several websites. After moving to Israel in 2008, Deborah founded Dance In Israel, which features both her earlier research and continuing coverage of Israeli contemporary dance. She also initiated Dance Bloggers, an aggregator for dance blogs. Batsheva Dance Company Batsheva, an Israeli dance company presented by the Wexner Center, will conduct a “Gaga Workshop” on Tuesday, February 10, 2009 from 10:30am-12:00pm in Studio 1. Make sure to sign-up as there are only 30 slots. For more information on “Gaga”, please see the attached flyer. Japan Dance Now Yoko Higashino of BABY-Q will provide a master class on Friday, February 20, 2009 from 10:30am-12:00pm in Studio 1. A dance lesson for increasing physical intensity. Each participant receives personal instruction on developing greater body sensitivity through dance basics, then repertory work, and finally, improvisation. Please sign-up outside Studio 1. Visiting Artist: Nik Haffner Nik Haffner arrives on Monday, February 15 and will teach for four weeks, working with the 25 students who signed up for the Forsythe Workshop last quarter. Additionally, he is bringing two dancers with him from Berlin University – Friederike Plafki and Louise Wagner. Please make them feel welcome as they study and dance with you. We welcome our growing international connections. Nik writes: “After studying dance at the Australian Ballet School in Melbourne, I was a dancer with William Forsythe/Ballet Frankfurt from 1994 until 2000 and am now a freelance dancer, choreographer and teacher. Following a special interest in combining dance with new media I am making work for stage, film and exhibition. Since working on the development of the Forsythe CD-ROM Improvisation Technologies, I have been regularly collaborating with the ZKM, Center for Art and Media Technology in Karlsruhe. As of November 2008, I am visiting professor at the HUTZ Center/Dance Department of Berlin University.” Bates Dance Festival Internships 2009 Calling alums of Production 298! Are you homesick for the fun, camaraderie, and honest work of production? Do you have fantasies of escaping to the beautiful state of Maine at the height of summer? If so, join Carrie C. at the Bates Dance Festival. We'll be supporting Bebe Miller, Tania Isaac, Battleworks Dance Company, Kate Weare, and many others. Apply soon, as the application deadline is February 27, 2009 (receipt date)! Click here for more info and to download 2009 internship application. The Festival's internship program offers qualified individuals an opportunity to work side-by-side with our professional staff. Interns will receive on-the-job training in technical production, videography, arts administration or dance education, while gaining valuable contacts and in-depth knowledge of contemporary dance. Interns receive housing and meals, and complimentary tickets to performances. Dance education and administration interns may register for up to two classes a day. Technical Production and Video interns receive a $300 stipend (upon submission of receipts) to assist with travel. Technical Production/Lighting Design: Interns work closely with production manager, Carrie Cox, lighting supervisor Price Johnston, the production staff, visiting technical directors and artists as part of the crew for the Festival's public performance series of 11 concerts. Interns are responsible for hanging, focusing and operating lights as well as sound, stage carpentry and theatre maintenance. Interns will participate in an ongoing lighting seminar that culminates with an opportunity to assist in design of the Different Voices concert. Applicants must have prior experience and a strong interest in dance production. Interns must be on campus July 6-August 11. Four positions are available. The School at Jacob’s Pillow Auditions New York City & San Francisco. For more information please go to their website. Helsinki International Ballet Competition There are still a few days left for the deadline of Helsinki International Ballet Competition. All information can be found from their website. SCHEDULE CHANGES, SCHEDULE CHANGES, SCHEDULE CHANGES Please make sure to open the attached document to view schedule changes and clarifications for Spring Quarter 2009. Undergraduates, please note the following business courses recommended for arts entrepreneurship. Faculty, please note for advising purposes. • Marketing course is BUS-M&L 490 – Entrepreneurial Marketing – taught in the fall and no prerequisites. • Finance course is BUS-FIN 590 - Entrepreneurial Finance – taught in spring and no prerequisites. • HR course is BUS-MHR 590 – Leading High Performance Companies – taught in winter and no prerequisites. August 1–15, 2009 Study West African Dance and Drumming in Ouagadougou, Burkina Faso This Summer! Dance and Drum with Baker & Tarpaga Dance Project & DAFRA Drum Ensemble. In association with Napam Beogo/Center for Artisans and Visual Arts. For more information see the attached flyer. International Workshop with Russian Director, Sergei Ostrenko March 9-14, 2009 Performer's Physicality in the Methods of Meyerhold, M. Chekhov, and Stanislavsky. Biomechanic, Psychological Gesture, and Physical Action Located in Austria in the historic refurbished castle in Leitring bei Leibnitz. Accommodation and three meals per day for participants are provided. Working language is English. Programme involves intensive practical training, lectures and discussions. Each morning will begin with the warm-up based on the principles of Biomechanics. Participants will be learning one of Meyerhold's etudes. To apply for participation, candidates should send CV/résumé with photo and a letter of motivation stating the dates of the event to firstname.lastname@example.org. For more details, go here. Summer at ADF Six Week School: June 11 - July 26 Four Week School: June 28 - July 25 Dance Professionals Workshop Weeks: June 21-27, June 28-July 3, July 5-11, July 12-18, and July 19-25. For more information, visit the ADF website or connect with us on Myspace and Facebook Ballet Hispanico’s 2009 Summer Intensive Program Auditions: January 30, 2009 at the The Ohio Theatre Rehearsal Room, 55 East State Street, Columbus, Ohio. Class is from 6-7:30pm (Ballet). Registration begins at 5:30pm. For complete information on Ballet Hispanico’s 2009 Summer Intensive Program, please visit their summer program webpage.In 2007, an estimated 112,340 Americans were diagnosed with colon cancer and 41,420 with rectal cancer. More than 52,000 people were expected to die from the disease last year. Colon cancer is largely preventable if precancerous polyps are found and removed before they become cancerous. If colon cancer is found and treated at its earliest stage, the five-year survival rate is 90 percent. Friday, February 6, 2009 Posted by Richard Lawry at 11:06 AMUncyclopedia:Pee Review/Balloon Animals (VFH Prep) From Uncyclopedia, the content-free encyclopedia I have been noticing a little decrease on the amount of noteworthy content on the VFH page. So I am going through some of my old stuff and trying to improve some of it. Anyone can review this, even Projectmayhem seeing as you have improved your reviewing skills dramatically since I first had this up.19:57, 22 March 2009 (UTC) |This article is under review by| Sayeth Gerry: shotgun!! i swear to god i had an idea for this article come to me not two days ago. i see you have beaten me to the article. in retaliation, i will now review this article....muahahaha, HAHAHAHA, HAHAHA*coughhack* 19:24, 23 March 2009 (UTC) |Humour:||6.6||average of sections okay, a good start, i think i can see where you are going with this, and i definitely am drawn in and want to read more. one thing is that you have a ton of links in this paragraph, making it difficult to read. if you are indeed taking the track of 'balloon animals are real animals', then maybe make it slightly more obvious in the first few sentences. hmmm, the veiled references to sex seem a little immature, such as "the first to get it on." i really don't think they add much to the article. i think a little more detail about how the first balloons formed and how they first formed the first multi-baloon balloons would be good. i do like the way you're going about it, but more of an encyclopedic tone (rather then passages like 'All that simply happened, is that instead of holding one molecule of water, they held three' could sound much more professional). okay, i really like the idea behind this section, but i'm not a big fan of the way you went about it. the balloon puns (jurplastic, bloonosaurs) get old rather quickly, and i think you'd be better off just dropping most of them. you say the age of the dinosaurs is one of the more popular eras...popular with who? the descriptions of dinosaurs and the theories on how they died out are good things to wrote about, but again, the sex reference feels a bit out of place. ha, i really liked the bird balloons being filled with helium, that was great. i really don't see much wrong with this section, it's rather good. you say birds can pop easier, but then leave it at that. i think you can expand and throw in a few more bird jokes. well, i feel you could have ended more strongly. the tough skin is good, but i'm left feeling unsatisfied by your wrap-up. maybe describe the wide variety of mammal balloons and things of that nature. and once more, the sex referencs just seem a bit immature and really don't add to the humor of the article. |Concept:||7.5||5/5 points for a well-known subject worthy of parody. 2.5/5 points for execution. you had a great underlying idea and some excellent ideas to build off of it; i feel like you can turn this into an incredible article with the proper trimming and sprucing. the following is my opinion of how you would accomplish that. get rid of most, if not all, of the sex references that are thrown around; they often show up without any relevance to the section and don't help with the theme you're trying to stick with. try to go with the most professional tone you can: describing the history of the evolution of balloon animals is serious business. flesh out a few of your underdeveloped ideas, like the bird paragraph. i really think the whole 'mamloons' business and other balloon puns take away from the tone you're trying to convey; i think just 'balloon mammal' works better. |Prose and formatting:||6||your writing style is a bit inconsistent in places, try to be more encyclopedic. for example, starting the last paragraph
with 'Finally, where we are now.' that's not a sentence, and it's the first thing in the section. your lead sentences should draw the reader in to each section. i feel you had too many links, and i've never said that before. cut back on some of the unnecessary ones. your formatting and paragraph breaks were fine.| |Images:||8||a strong point. your captions could be a little better, but the images really drive home the concept, particularly the jurassic park one. i think you could add a bird image without cluttering up the article too much.| |Miscellaneous:||7.1||averaged via magic| |Final Score:||35.2||this is a good one. my preview button tells me that your finl score is 35.2, placing this right at 'adequate article' territory. faced with this on VFH, i'd say that right now i'd vote weak against on the grounds that it could use a good polish. however, with a little work, you could easily push through abstain terrotory and garner a for vote from me and enough other voters to make this a feature. i look forward to seeing a touched-up version of this sometime soon. good job and good luck.| |Reviewer:||19:54, 23 March 2009 (UTC)|I'm ready for this film already, I don't need anymore trailers or teasers but here's another one and I'm salivating for this movie! I can't wait to see Guardians of the Galaxy. Here's the newest trailer from Marvel: 'Guardians of the Galaxy' stars Chris Pratt as Peter Quill/Star-Lord, Zoe Saldana as Gamora, Dave Bautista as Drax the Destroyer, Vin Diesel as Groot, Bradley Cooper as Rocket, Lee Pace as Ronan, Michael Rooker as Yondu, Karen Gillan as Nebula, Djimon Hounsou as Korath, Glenn Close as Nova Prime Irani Rael, Benicio del Toro as The Collector, and Josh Brolin as the voice of Thanos. Are you guys as excited as I am for this very different Marvel film? Knowing 'it's all connected' do you think we'll see any Avengers in a cameo during the credits? Did you enjoy the extended look at Rocket finally interacting with Quill?Tropical depression weakens to tropical wave MIAMI (AP) — The U.S. National Hurricane Center says a tropical depression in the Atlantic has weakened to a tropical wave as it approaches the Lesser Antilles. Its maximum sustained winds Wednesday are near 35 mph (55 kph). It is centered about 365 miles (590 kilometers) east of the Lesser Antilles and is moving west-northwest near 25 mph (41 kph). Forecasts say the storm is likely to move quickly westward through the Lesser Antilles on Wednesday evening. It also is forecast to continue weakening. Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article.Microsoft Office has been the King over a long period of time for office applications, but a change has been noticed in the last few years, a lot of free alternatives for Microsoft Office have emerged off late. They can be accessed in any work-space having an internet connection. So, with these Microsoft Office Alternatives, you can access word documents, spreadsheets and presentations at ease without keeping your wallet in mind. Sometimes, the applications of MS office hangs while processing because they require more space as compare to other programs. There is no doubt that the components of office are great and you can do multiple tasks with them. But if you are tired of sticking with MS office since the school computer classes and now want to do something different then here is something interesting for you. In these Microsoft Office Alternatives, you will find many new features of integration that are not available in your current version. If you want to know more about these software then here is the list to watch out. Top 5 free Microsoft Office Alternatives 1. Google Docs Google Docs leads the list of open office software; there are strong reasons to support this fact. Firstly, it possesses all the applications Microsoft Office has – Word processor, spreadsheets, etc. and secondly, all of it is absolutely free. You can access all the documents online through the Google Drive and also share them with other people. Apart from all these features, you can also edit images and create forms using Google forms. Google Docs is highly compatible with Gmail and Google+. In a nutshell, Google Docs is a revolution in the world of Office Applications. 2. Open Office 11 years old in the market, Open Office is among the most popular and entrusted Microsoft office alternatives. The package contains word processing, spreadsheets, databases and much more. Open Office can be downloaded for free and the software is compatible with Microsoft Word Documents so you can easily read and save MS documents. Though this software doesn’t have as good collaborative features as Google chrome but has some irreplaceable features that keep getting upgraded. 3. Libre Office The Working pattern of this software is closely similar to that of Open Office. The important difference between the two is that a lot of development has been a part of Libre Office recently. Libre Office presents a lot more advanced characteristics and features like Wiki Publisher; moreover the functioning of LibreOffice is easier and better. The Striking characteristic about this software is that you can install it in a Pen Drive and keep it in your pocket wherever you go. This software is made in China and runs as Microsoft office alternatives on many compurter systems. It contains Word, Excel and PowerPoint. Its features reflect an uncanny resemblance to Microsoft Office, though at times, it stands by itself with its variations. Its notable feature is the PDF converter; also it allows us to add watermarks to documents. The workability of this software is fast and its’ easy to use. The Mobile version of this software is also available on android mobiles. 5. Zoho Docs 5th on the list, Zoho Docs lingers around footmarks of Google docs. One of the packages of Zoho Docs as Microsoft office alternatives provides for 1 GB free storage online along with a word processor and measures for creating spreadsheets. The interface in Zoho docs is not user oriented as it promises to be. The plus about this software is its allowance to utilize 5 GB space.1. Product Information -Product Name: 5-MEO-NEPT -CAS NO.: 13263-67-7 -Application: for chemical research -Appearance: white powder -Package: 1kg/foil bag or according to the customers requirements. -Storage: store in a cool dry place and keep away from direct strong light -Delivery Time: product will be sent out with in 48 hours after getting payment -Pre-sale service: 24 hours online service. Welcome to contact us before purchase. All of your questions will be solved in time. -After-sale service: 24 hours online service. If the parcel is lost or not received for other reasons, please contact us immediately. Refund or resend is ok according to your request. If you are satisfied with the quality, also welcome your visit again. Only Western Union and Money Gram are accepted now. -Sample order: Normally the parcels are shippied within 3 working days after payment received, and arrive within 4-7 working days by DHL, UPS and so on. We have a professional logistics. So please don't worry on transportation. -Bulk order: Shipped via sea or air, which is according to your requirement. Welcome to send inquiry to us. Moderate price will be offered to you.This recipe is as fun to make as it is delicious, and that’s exactly why my kids love making it with me! One of the best things about making a chicken roulade is that you can fill it with essentially any flavors you like—or that your kids like. This chicken roulade with basil recipe is the brainchild of my eleven-year-old son who is a big basil fan. My nine-year-old son once made one that was reminiscent of pizza—tomato sauce, mozzarella, and, yes, pepperoni. The possibilities are endless—ask your kids what they’d like in theirs and have them help put it all together. Chicken Basil Cheddar Roulade Recipe The perfect starter meal to get your kids inspired in the kitchen. - boneless, skinless chicken breasts: 2 large - fresh basil leaves, stems removed: about 1 dozen - white cheddar cheese, super thinly sliced: about 1 ounce - salt and pepper: for seasoning - olive oil: for the pan Step 1: Preheat the oven to 375 degrees and adjust a rack to the center. Place the two chicken breasts, smooth side up, on a clean, dry surface. Place a piece of plastic on top. Step 2: Use a meat mallet or the bottom of a small sauté pan to pound the chicken, directly on top of the plastic wrap. They should be about 1⁄2 inch thick and even. Step 3: Gently flip them over so the smooth side is down, and season with salt and pepper. Step 4: Divide the basil leaves between both pounded pieces of chicken. Step 5: Now divide the slices of cheese between the two, placing them directly on the basil leaves. Step 6: Very gently, starting at the end closest to you, roll the chicken, taking care to keep all of the filling inside. Finish rolling when the seam is on the bottom. Step 7: Coat the bottom of a small sauté pan with olive oil and place it over medium-high heat. Sprinkle the chicken with salt and pepper, and very carefully place the rolls, seam side up, in the preheated sauté pan. Immediately stick a toothpick in the center to keep them together. Step 8: Once the underside of the roulades are nicely browned, remove the toothpicks and roll them over so the seam side is down. Step 9: Place the pan in the preheated 375 degree F oven and roast until the chicken is cooked through, about 20 minutes. Step 10: Remove from the oven and let the chicken cool in the pan for about 5 minutes. Place the roasted roulades on a clean, dry cutting board and slice them into approximately 1 inch slices. Step 11: Serve! More Chicken Recipes:MBA&M IS ONCE AGAIN PROUD TO PRESENT... WHERE THE LIGHT FALLS.... ABOUT THE BOOK: Book Description(from Amazon) Amid the city’s great bohemian neighborhoods and teaching studios, Jeanette befriends other female artists, as well as an American Civil War veteran named Edward Murer. She begins to achieve a level of artistic success. And her happiness increases as she and Edward grow more intimate with each other. But Edward is plagued by his demons and addicted to laudanum—and as the world opens its arms to Jeanette, and the society around her is transformed by cultural and scientific innovations, she must resolve a conflict utterly new to so many women: the choice between ambition and love. - Reading level: Ages 18 and up - Paperback: 480 pages - Publisher: Berkley Trade; 1 edition (February 5, 2013) - Language: English - ISBN-10: 0425257789 - ISBN-13: 978-0425257784 ABOUT THE AUTHOR: Born in Atlanta, Georgia, Katherine graduated from Vanderbilt University with a B.A. in English and earned a Ph.D. in medieval studies at the University of Texas at Austin. She worked in the publicity department of the New Orleans Public Schools, taught in the expository writing program at Yale University, and served as the executive editor of the book publishing program of the Council on East Asian Studies at Harvard University. She now lives in Western Massachusetts with her husband, John Keenum, and a Pembroke Welsh Corgi. For more information,please visit her at: http://www.katherinekeenum.com/ **Photo by Tammy Woodard** Thank you for spending time with us today!Become a certified welder at your shop or our new state of the art facility WW NDT Services Inc. offers welding certification testing in a wide variety of codes and standards including AWS and ASME. We offer testing in the following processes FCAW (Flux Core), SMAW (Stick), GMAW (Mig), and GTAW (Tig) in all positions on plate, pipe, rebar and sheet metal. Welder Certifications available – call us today at 541-914-9077 to schedule your appointment. Welding Certification Benefits - More and Better Job Opportunities – Most companies seeking welders are more inclined to hire certified welders because of the implied training, experience and credentials that accompany a certification. Statistics demonstrate certified welders have a lower rate of on the job incidents and injuries in comparison to uncertified. - Higher Rate and Pay – As certified welder, you are in a position to command a significantly higher wage. 2010 Bureau of Labor statistics indicate a certified welder can earn anywhere from 10% to 60% more than non certified welders. - Greater Job Security – When companies reduce their welding staff, they are more likely to retain a certified welder because their certification makes them a more proven commodity in the welding trade, and therefore harder to replace. - Career Opportunities – Certified welders are in demand in a variety of industries, including construction, manufacturing, automotive and more. Additionally, becoming a certified welder can be a springboard to becoming an underwater welder, a certified welding inspector, working as a freelancer, or even opening your own business.Confession: I am giving up walk races next year because I’m a timing fanatic. I have an issue with ‘beating my time’ and ‘not being last’. So much so that I am really no longer enjoying the accomplishment of just finishing. Today I walked for an hour on the dreadmill. Which, as you all know is my least favourite gym trip of the week. But, I decided low and slow today. I didn’t take my speed above a 2.6. Confession: it irritated me. I didn’t focus on the fact that I had very little pain or that my sciatic didn’t once give me pins and needles and not once did my foot go numb (like in every race I’ve ever done) I did remember thinking I felt great and could walk forever. Then I saw the distance at the end. Not even a whole 5k. Argh. Really. I thought I was feeling good. I was. I just wasn’t good and fast together. My race in September I’m gonna have to take it low and slow if I plan to finish the 10k on my feet. But I want to ring that PB bell. I want a personal best. Why can I NOT get past this?! To all my running friends; how do you deal with this?!?!?I’m a health nut. Sort of. I love reading books about health, trying recipes, buying cookbooks, following health guru pages and blogs, buying a new cleanse or healthy eating package every few months, researching foods and idea, and freely giving advice to others on healthy eating. However [confession time] if you were to shadow me for a week you’d scratch your head because it wouldn’t add up. After 5 or 6 days in a row of fast-food drive thru (once or even twice a day) you would definitely realize my walk and talk rarely meet.4 They said to Pharaoh, “We have come to sojourn in the land, for there is no pasture for your servants' flocks, for the famine is severe in the land of Canaan. And now, please let your servants dwell in the land of Goshen.” 5 Then Pharaoh said to Joseph, “Your father and your brothers have come to you. 6 The land of Egypt is before you. Settle your father and your brothers in the best of the land. Let them settle in the land of Goshen, and if you know any able men among them, put them in charge of my livestock.” 7 Then Joseph brought in Jacob his father and stood him before Pharaoh, and Jacob blessed Pharaoh. 8 And Pharaoh said to Jacob, “How many are the days of the years of your life?” 9 And Jacob said to Pharaoh, “The days of the years of my sojourning are 130 years. Few and evil have been the days of the years of my life, and they have not attained to the days of the years of the life of my fathers in the days of their sojourning.” 10 And Jacob blessed Pharaoh and went out from the presence of Pharaoh. 8 When Israel saw Joseph's sons, he said, “Who are these?” 9 Joseph said to his father, “They are my sons, whom God has given me here.” And he said, “Bring them to me, please, that I may bless them.” 10 Now the eyes of Israel were dim with age, so that he could not see. So Joseph brought them near him, and he kissed them and embraced them. 11 And Israel said to Joseph, “I never expected to see your face; and behold, God has let me see your offspring also.” 12 Then Joseph removed them from his knees, and he bowed himself with his face to the earth. (ESV)A turkish coffee and a brisk walk mean that your reviewer is desperate to use the facilities of his synagogue as soon as he has arrived for Rosh Hashana prayers. In Leviticus 15, it is stated that ‘cleanliness is next to godliness‘, this is much in evidence in this house of the lord. The toilet smells of a good quality bleach and there is a choice of different Radox liquid soaps in the bathroom which is a nice touch. However, this toilet is let down by the fact that someone forgot to switch on the lights. Because Orthodox Jews do not touch light switches on holy days, it is difficult to aim unless one has had a (Kosher) Berocca tablet. It is not hard to imagine this facility becoming less godly with each passing day. As reviewed by Jacob RiddleWin Tickets: Asheville Wine and Food Festival A guest post by Lindey Grossman So much to eat and drink, so little time! Take these cues from Asheville Wine & Food Festival veterans on how to get the most out of this amazing epicurean experience. 1. SHOPPING STRATEGY. Upon entering the Grand Tasting, you will get a free, official Festival bag for lugging your loot. When making your way through the tastings and samples, make a mental note (or actual note) of the ones that stand out. Then, you can revisit your favorite wines, cheeses, cured meats, hot sauces, pickles, nut butters, to buy and take home. Don’t worry about carrying that case of Chardonnay around all day... there’s a Wine Pick-up area for your purchases where you can pick up the bulkier loads on your way out. If your bag gets too full, check it in at the Wine Pick-up area and ask for another bag! 2. THE JUGGLING ACT. It’s not easy to hold your handbag, Festival tote bag, plates and cups all at once, but it can be done! Rather that turning your plate into a toppling mess, focus on one food sample and one drink sample at a time. Some festival goers bring in their own wine glass holder necklaces to free up their hands. Other hands-free options to think about investing in beforehand: wine glass plate clips or a wine glass holder plate (available in a variety of styles, from maple to acrylic). 3. WHAT TO WEAR. It’s indoors and air-conditioned, so if you get cold easily, stow a scrunchable cardi or shawl in your bag. You will see everything from sneakers and shorts to sundresses and sandals. There’s no dress code... the most important thing is to dress comfortably! (And an elastic waistband doesn’t hurt.) :) 4. TAKING IT ALL IN WITHOUT FILLING UP TOO FAST. Plan your sampling around the events you want to see (consult the Festival Guide you receive upon entering for a full schedule). Nosh between events and allow yourself to digest while you take in the cooking demos, cookbook author appearances and Chefs Challenge. 5. HYDRATE. With all of the food, wine, craft beer and spirits, don’t forget to drink plenty of water. Look for Jana Water hydration stations throughout the festival. The premium bottled water not only hydrates, but serves as a stellar palette cleanser. YOUR MEAL TICKET The Grand Tasting will be held at the U.S. Cellular Center on August 24, from 12noon-5pm. General admission tickets for $55 and VIP tickets for $75 are available for purchase here. A VIP ticket grants early admission and access to the VIP Lounge, where guests can enjoy full pours of wine and a smorgasbord of gourmet bites. Best value: The Combination ticket grants admission to ELIXIR, SWEET and VIP Grand Tasting, all for $145 (a $20 savings!). These tickets are limited! Get yours here. For more info on the Asheville Wine & Food Festival, visit ashevillewineandfood.com. Here is your chance to taste your way through the Asheville Wine and Food Festival for free! In the comments below tell us which Asheville restaurant is your favorite and you could walk away with two free tickets to the event. A winner will be selected at random on Monday, August 12, 2013 at noon. Return to this post that day for the results in the comments section! Good luck and bon appetit!Pattern books for Rowan yarns, with designs by Kim Hargreaves. Read the full description... Rowan Pattern Books - The Panama Collection is a similar book: women category book by rowan. You may also like Pom Magazine Wool Journey, which is another similar book: women category. You may enjoy taking a look at the Rowan Baby Merino Silk DK Smoky Hat, and Rowan Kidsilk Haze/Fine Lace Caris Pullover kits all using Kim Hargreaves Pattern Books. We provide endless possibilities for you including yarn, knitting gifts, needles, kits, sale yarn, free knitting patterns, and more! Jimmy Beans Wool is Your Local Yarn Store... Online!Star Wars Blue Falcon Footed Hooded Pajamas Pew-pew-pew! I'm sorry. I just gaze upon this soft adult sized 100% polyester Star Wars Blue Falcon Footed Hooded Pajamas and I immediately imagine the epic space dog fights in Star Wars! Can't you hear the roar of those TIE Fighters? Yeah! You know what sound effect I'm talking about! The Star Wars Blue Falcon Footed Hooded Pajamas has a space design to it featuring TIE Fighters / TIE Bombers/ Millennium Falcon, the Star Wars logo, a hoody and drawstring, pockets in the front and on the left sleeve, and of course the awesome 'footers'. You can wear these while you play Chewy in a game of Space Chess. Just make sure you let him win. You wouldn't anything bad to happen to your Star Wars Blue Falcon Footed Hooded Pajamas! Please read the cleaning instructions on the tag! - Sleeve Type:Long sleeve/Raglan - Licensor:Star Wars - Call Us: 866-787-4376 - Need help? We're always looking for constructive feedback, and would appreciate yours! Help out your fellow shoppers and be the first to review this item.The 2014 CPT book includes a revision to 88342 and addition of code 88343. Their descriptions are as follows: • 88342 - Immunohistochemistry or immunocytochemistry, each separately identifiable antibody per block, cytologic preparation, or hematologic smear; first separately identifiable antibody per slide (Do not report 88342 in conjunction with 88360 or 88361 for the same antibody) (For quantitative or semiquantitative immunohistochemistry, see 88360, 88361) • 88343...each additional separately identifiable antibody per slide (List separately in addition to code for primary procedure) (Use 88343 in conjunction with 88342) (When multiple antibodies are applied to the same slide, use one unit of 88342 for the first separately identifiable antibody and one unit of 88343 for each additional separately identifiable antibody) Immunohistochemistry code 88342 has been revised to more clearly define the unit of service. Currently, 88342 describe immunohistochemistry including tissue immunoperodixase, each antibody. For 2014, the descriptor will include immunocytochemistry and describes each separately identifiable antibody per block, cytologic preparation or hematologic smear. To be considered separately identifiable antibodies, two or more antibodies must stain different color or different portion of the cell. The unit of service will be the first separately identifiable antibody per slide. The new add-on code 88343 is to identify each additional separately identifiable antibody per slide. When more than one antibody is applied to the same slide simultaneously, one unit of 88342 should be reported and one of 88343 for each additional antibody. This will apply mainly for IHC cocktails, dual and triple stains. Or in other words, if you are looking at a slide one time to get two or more IHC results, this would be a case in which 88343 would be reported. Obviously, it will be very important to document the block and slide for assigning the appropriate codes. CMS’ Position on IHC
As stated in the previous article, CMS disagreed with the AMA’s descriptors of 88342 and 88343 in their PFS Final Rule and created two new “G” codes. For a Medicare, Medicaid or Tricare beneficiary, the focus will not be per block but will be per antibody, per specimen. These new codes are: • G0461 (Immunohistochemistry or immunocytochemistry, per specimen; first single or multiplex antibody stain) and • G0462 (Immunohistochemistry or immunocytochemistry, per specimen; each additional single or multiplex antibody stain (List separately in addition to code for primary procedure) Per CPT S100 on block A1 and B1=88342x2 Medicare S100 on block A1 and B1=G0461x2 Per CPT Cytokeratin on block A1 and A2=88342x2 Medicare Cytokeratin on block A1 and A2=G0461 Per CPT Cytokeratin on slide 1 and 2 from block A1=88342x1 Medicare Cytokeratin on slide 1 and 2 from block A1=G0461 Per CPT ER (slide 1) and PR (slide 2) from block A1=88342x2 (Two different antibodies on two different slides) Medicare ER (slide 1) and PR (slide 2) from block A1=G0461 and G0462 Per CPT CD20 (slide 1), CD45 (slide 2), CD15 (slide3) from block A1=88342x3 CD20 (slide 1), CD30 (slide 2), PAX-5 (slide 3) from block A2=88342x3 Medicare CD20, (slide 1), CD45 (slide 2), CD15 (slide 3) from block A1=G0461 and G0462 x 2 CD20 (slide 1), CD30 (slide2), PAX-5 (slide 3) from block A2= G0462x2 (There is only one specimen so the second CD20 cannot be charged) Per CPT PIN4 (slide 1 from block A1) =88342 and 88343x2 (P5045, HMWCK and p63 on one slide) Medicare PIN4 (slide 1 from block A1) =G0461 Also, as part of CMS’ PFS Final Rule, CMS revalued or recalculated RVUs for codes 88342/88343 and G0461/G0462. CMS ruled the 88342/88343 codes and matching “G” codes should share like RVU values. CMS did, however, lower the work and practice expense RVU’s for the 88342/G0461 and allowed for an even lower work RVU for add on code 88343/G0462. APS would like to instruct all clients to have CPT 88343 added to their Anatomic Laboratory Systems and please code IHC stains per CPT guidelines. Based on the financial class, APS will edit claims and submit the appropriate “G” code to government payers. Should you have any further questions please feel free to contact your Account Manager. RE: Update on Prostate Needle Biopsy Coding Effective January 1, 2014, per CMS (Medicare) all prostate needle biopsies, any method will be reported with the appropriate HCPCS code. They are: G0416-Surgical pathology, gross and microscopic examination for prostate needle biopsies, any method: 10 to20 specimens G0417- Surgical pathology, gross and microscopic examination for prostate needle biopsies, any method: 21 to 40 specimens G0418- Surgical pathology, gross and microscopic examination for prostate needle biopsies, any method: 41 to 60 specimens G0419- Surgical pathology, gross and microscopic examination for prostate needle biopsies, any method: greater than 60 specimens Per CMS, the descriptor was changed to say “any method” and is no longer tied to the surgical approach. So now it will be the count of individual biopsies that will tell you how to code your case. If you have 12 vials, you will report G0416. Please note that for nine or less you will continue to report 88305 per the number of separately identified biopsies. This will apply for CMS patients nationwide. As this is only a guideline for Medicare, Medicaid and Tricare patients, continue to report 88305 for the appropriate number of separately identified specimens. APS Medical Billing is prepared to accommodate this change through a system program to convert 88305 to the appropriate “G” code if the patient is a Medicare, Medicaid or Tricare beneficiary. Should you have any further questions please feel free to contact your Account Manager.So the creme de la creme of Vancouver’s top bartenders gathered at a creme de la creme spot here in Vancouver, to learn from THE best, Dimi Lezinska the Grey Goose global brand ambassador. About Demi: He was born and raised in Paris, and first developed an interest in mixology when he trained as a chef in the French Alps. He moved to London where he now resides, and continued honing his craft at some of the UK’s top cocktail bars including the Atlantic Bar, Mash and Eclipse, and as the manager of one of the most raved-about bars in the capital, LAB. He went on to achieve international recognition as the co-host of the Discovery Channel’s program “Cocktail Kings”, which is essentially a guide to some of the best cities in the world and the cocktails to be found within them. Dimitri now has the very enviable role of being Grey Goose’s global ambassador, traveling around the world to share the art of cocktail making for the French vodka brand they watched, they learned art was created David of WEST created the winning cocktail Thanks for having me share your afternoon! contact me | weddings | rocknroll | babies + lifestyle | twitter | facebookSaturday, August 12, 2017 Call for papers: 5th Biennial NYU School of Law/American Bar Association, Section of Antitrust Law Next Generation of Antitrust Scholars Conference January 26, 2018 January 26, 2018 NYU School of Law This is a call for papers the 5th Biennial NYU School of Law/American Bar Association, Section of Antitrust Law Next Generation of Antitrust Scholars Conference. The purpose of this day-long conference is to provide an opportunity for antitrust/competition law professors who began their full time professorial tenure track career in or after 2010 to present their latest research. Senior antitrust scholars and practitioners in the field will comment on the papers (due September 15, 2017). We have lively discussion and we encourage audience participation. Please submit papers to email@example.com. Participants pay their own way but we provide free breakfast, coffee and lunch. Ned Cavanagh, St. John's Harry First, NYU D. Daniel Sokol, University of FloridaMake starting a Till an automatic beginning of the day task for each of your store’s workstations by establishing a Default Starting Till Amount. To do this: Now that the Default Starting Till Amount has been set, when the New Sale / New Invoice button is first clicked at the beginning of the day, a prompt to create a new Till will appear. The prompt will say: There was no till found for this register. Would you like to create one now? It will offer the options: Skip or Create. Select Create if you would like to start a new till for the day. Once you select Create, the next prompt will say: Please enter a Till I.D. A popular choice for many retailers using PayGo is a name and date. Click Create. If you attempt to reuse a Till I.D., a prompt will say: Sorry, that till name has been used before. You will need to use a different till name (Till I.D.). Then, click Create. What does using PayGo’s Tills functions do for you? It helps you reconcile the money in your cash drawer with the money PayGo says you have brought in for the day, to help you find errors. Please keep in mind that Tills is a reconciling tool only. They do not impact sales figures or sales reports. If you need to correct the Starting Amount for the day: Changing the Starting Amount in the Till Closing screen does not change the Default Starting Amount in the Workstation Setup. If you want to add a Payment Method eliminate a listed Payment Method from your Till:Postmedia Network Canada Corp. has announced 54 layoffs at its British Columbia subsidiary, which owns the Vancouver Sun and Vancouver Province, the Financial Post reports.The company told staff Friday that the layoffs at Pacific Newspaper Group are part of a previously announced plan to reduce salary costs by 20 per cent across the company’s nationwide operations. Unifor Local 2000, which represents employees at Pacific Newspaper Group, said that the layoffs, combined with the departure of 38 staff who took voluntary buyouts in January, “would reduce the entire staff by 42 per cent.” Postmedia had roughly 4,000 employees across Canada. - Bell Media cuts CTV Calgary sports reporter positi... - Globe and Mail suspends columnist Leah McLaren aft... - Former Star medical reporter Marilyn Dunlop dead a... - Author of Maclean’s Quebec malaise piece steps dow... - Vice journalist must turn over materials to RCMP, ... - Betty Kennedy dead at 91 - Jimmy Breslin, chronicler of wise guys and underdo... - Subway seeking $210-million in lawsuit against CBC... - Brit newspaper has staff working from home; good p... - CNN, Daily Caller seek press gallery membership am... - Famous AP photog Nick Ut retiring - Postmedia announces 54 layoffs at Vancouver Sun an... - CBC's The National going digital - John Boynton picked as new Torstar CEO - ▼ March (14) - ► 2016 (278) - ► 2015 (321) - ► 2014 (262) - ► 2013 (365) - ► 2012 (644) - ► 2011 (750) - ► 2010 (1055)Newman's Own Foundation Scholarships Sponsored by: Kenyon College Applicant must be a socio-economically disadvantaged student. Priority given to applicants from underrepresented backgrounds, including first-generation students. Selection based upon basis of intellectual engagement, creativity, community service, and leadership. Award eliminates the loan portion of the financial aid package. |Application Deadline||January 15| |Scholarship, Grant, Fellowship or Contest||Scholarship| |Award Coverage||Covers loans.| |Awarded every year?||yes| Renewable if recipient maintains a minimum 3.0 GPA. |Must be repaid?||no| |Required to attend a specific school?||yes|The five young women around the table listened to the question, and played with it like it was a cat toy. Yes, that's it. Exactly. They were five cats playing with a cat toy. Batting it around. Chasing the question up this line of thinking. Following it down this tunnel of logic. Letting it sit there for a second, as if somehow it would move. Then they would pounce with their words, one talking fast, the next one talking faster and before I knew it was like there were 50 young women in that meeting room at SRJC's Haehl Pavilion, words flying around like so many mini-sonic booms, bouncing off walls and ears. "We love talking over each other," said McKenzie Mangino. "It's so much fun." Six SRJC women basketball players have been offered and accepted scholarships to play the sport at four-year colleges. The number was unprecedented, almost half the team. Their coach, Lacey Campbell, has a little dynasty going. The SRJC women, after all, have made the state Final Four three of the past four years. Five times she was named Big 8 Coach of the Year. Campbell has a 189-76 record in her eight years at SRJC. Only forward Anandi Jimenez, who prepped at Montgomery, was missing. So, Skyler, have you ever been to Fort Kent? Guard Skyler Olsen is going to the University of Maine-Fort Kent, which is farther north and east than Montreal and Quebec City, where even the squirrels wear booties. "I heard there's a bunch of moose there," Olsen said. And that started a stream of what sounded like animal noises and animal references, how they were sure as hell weren't going to visit her on spring break. So, had she been there? Olsen shook her head and, boom, off they went again. Yeah, yeah, you like adventure, Sky, but this is life with moose we're talking about it here and don't bring your flip-flops, girl and . "Skyler is tough. She's from Kelseyville," said one of them, probably guard Whitney Edens who is going to Hawaii-Hilo and is from from Cloverdale. All I knew was that it came from the right side of the table. Edens and Mangino, who's also going to Hilo, were on the right side. On the left side were Arianna Hanson, Jade Hudson and Olsen. Hanson and Hudson are going to Cal State Dominquez Hills, as will Jimenez. I quickly determined, if I were to keep my sanity, I would have to think of this interview like a ring announcer for a boxing match. In this corner, in the red trunks, looking fit, we have Whitney and McKenzie. In the other corner, in the blue trunks, looking like they can take it as good as they give it, we have Arianna, Skyler and Jade. Everyone stayed on their side except when Hudson, who's from Fortuna, climbed on the center of the table and started beating it with her fists. Why? It had something to do with someone on the right side talking about how tough Hudson was and how players looking for a block would bounce off her and she would be like a Colossus standing there resolute and that's when Edens made this grunting noise like this is what Colossus sounds like.Frederick Edward Beck, 92, of Marion, Arkansas, passed away on Tuesday Aug. 8, 2017. He was born on October 9, 1924, in Morrilton, Arkansas, to Anthony and Agnes Beck. Frederick was an Army Veteran, serving in WWII and earning two Purple Hearts. He retired from the US Postal Service. He was a member of St. Michael’s Catholic Church in West Memphis, Arkansas. Frederick Beck leaves behind his wife of 56 years, Lillian Rachel Mastin Beck; daughters, Katherine Burns (Jay) of Marion, Judy Palmer (Jonas) of Lakeland, Tennessee and Amanda Beck of Marion; sister, Rosemary Beck of Solgohachia; brothers, Harold Beck (Sharon) of Hattieville, Herman Beck (Meredith) of Springfield, and Ronald Beck (Rosalie) of Hattieville; grandchildren, Tara Crouch (Jonathan), Morgan Burns, Kirby Burns, Emily Burns, Danika Palmer, Eric Palmer, Brennan Palmer, Michael Leddon, Bethanie Leddon, Brody Leddon, and Clayton Leddon. Frederick is preceded in death by his parents, Anthony and Agnes Beck; sister, Rita Armstrong; brothers, Eugene Beck, Anthony Beck and James Beck. Visitation will be at 10 a.m. on Friday, Aug. 11, 2017, at St. Michael’s Catholic Church in West Memphis. Funeral Mass will follow. Graveside service will be Saturday, August 12, 2017, at 11 a.m. at St. Mary’s Catholic Church in Hattieville, Arkansas. Donations may be made to St. Michael’s Catholic School. Online guestbook at: www.rollerfuneralhomes.com Rickie Glenn Kirkendoll Rickie Glenn Kirkendoll was born March 13, 1962 to Carl and Avera Kirkendoll. Rickie was taken from this world unjustly on Monday, Aug. 7, 2017 at his home in Lake City, Arkansas. He was preceded in death by Carl and Avera Kirkendoll. Rickie leaves behind his wife, Linda Kirkendoll; three brothers, Garner Kirkendoll, Roger Kirkendoll and Carl Kirkendoll; two sisters, Diane Derrick and Patsy House. He also leaves behind his children, Tania Wesson and Danny Wesson, Christine and Cheryl Riden, Amie Kirkendoll, Shane and Brittany Yerbey, Amy and Shane McFerrian, Jason and Courtney Yerbey and Christopher Yerbey. He also leaves behind 20 grandchildren and lots of nieces, nephews, family and friends. He will be missed and loved dearly by all. Visitation from 2 to 3 p.m. today, Aug. 11, 2017 at Roller Citizens, West Memphis with services at 3 p.m. Frederick Edward BeckGE agrees to pay $7.9M Settlement ends part of 2009 federal lawsuit filed by Hudson River towns Updated 8:23 am, Friday, July 4, 2014 General Electric Co. will pay $7.95 million to settle part of a federal lawsuit filed in 2009 by several Saratoga County municipal agencies that shut down or moved their water supplies when the company began dredging PCBs from the Hudson River that year. The settlement ends an intensive legal battle that's unfolded in U.S. District Court in Albany between GE and the towns and villages of Stillwater and Waterford, and the Water Commissioners of the town of Waterford. Two other plaintiffs — the Saratoga County Water Authority and the town of Halfmoon -— did not join the settlement and are moving forward in their litigation with GE. A federal complaint filed by the municipalities five years ago claimed GE should help pay the costs for alternate water supplies that the towns and villages pursued when the company's federally mandated $1 billion dredging project began. The Saratoga County Water Authority, meanwhile, alleged it spent more than $27 million to build its water-supply intake on the Hudson River in Moreau to be upstream from the company's PCB pollution. GE's federally mandated clean-up of the upper Hudson River, which is the nation's largest superfund site, has caused occasional spikes in PCB levels that prompted the towns of Waterford and Halfmoon to shut down their water treatment plants, which both pull water from the Hudson River. Those communities have since purchased water from the city of Troy's Tomhannock Reservoir while the dredging continues at least through 2015. The settlement, which was signed on behalf of GE by Ann R. Klee, the company's vice president of corporate environmental programs, states GE "has denied, and continues to deny, any liability, wrongdoing or responsibility for the claims asserted in the litigation and believes that the claims are without merit and that such claims are barred in whole or in part." The settlement was not filed in U.S. District Court; a copy was obtained by the Times Union under a Freedom of Information Law request. Mark L. Behan, a spokesman for GE, said the company is hopeful that it also can reach a settlement with the town of Halfmoon and the Saratoga County Water Authority. He said the settlement with the Stillwater and Waterford communities "made sense." "All the parties agreed that the settlement that we came to was a fair and reasonable resolution to what was becoming protracted litigation," Behan said. The settlement amount will be reduced by hundreds of thousands of dollars in legal costs and an approximately 30 percent contingency fee that will be paid to Dreyer Boyajian, the Albany law firm that represented the agencies who settled. After the attorneys are paid, the settlement will result in roughly $4 million to be divided by the town and village of Stillwater, although most of that money will go to the village, which runs the water system that helps supply the town and saw its well fields contaminated with PCBs. The remaining $1.45 million from the settlement, minus legal costs, will go to Waterford. Attempts to reach Stillwater village Mayor Ernest W. Martin Sr. for comment this week were not successful. The years-long litigation resulted in GE having to turn over more than 10 million pages of internal records to attorneys for the river communities. The lawsuit also subjected severalof GE's top executives, including former CEO Jack Welch, to sworn depositions about their knowledge of the company's handling of the PCBs at its capacitor plants in Fort Edward and Hudson Falls. Despite the unprecedented glimpse of the company's internal strategies, thousands of other internal records remain sealed under a court order, in part, because GE argued they are privileged documents involving attorney-client matters. Last year, the Times Union obtained copies of thousands of pages of the GE records through a series of Freedom of Information Law requests for a story published March 8 examining the company's pollution of the Hudson River. The internal records show GE began aggressively studying the health and environmental issues related to PCBs more than 40 years ago, and curtailed use in the early 1970s of what it suspected at the time was a more dangerous type of PCBs. The documents also revealed GE's fierce battle in which it spent at least $100 million to fight the dredging and try to convince the public and key elected officials to oppose the clean-up plan. There is no indication that the town of Halfmoon or Saratoga County Water Authority are engaged in settlement discussions with GE and the case is wending toward trial in federal court. Waterford Supervisor John E. Lawler, who also chairs the county water authority, said the town's water services are overseen by an independent board of water commissioners. He said many of the town's costs to pump water from Troy were covered when the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency helped fund the construction of a water line across the river. "A lot of the damages that we might have looked for in a lawsuit, when we originally filed a lawsuit, they were addressed in other ways," Lawler said. "But I think the settlement is reasonable." Waterford's settlement with GE does not effect the town's separate lawsuit in state Supreme Court alleging the town of Halfmoon breached a more than 30-year contract to purchase water from Waterford, which is seeking nearly $8 million in damages. The town ofHalfmoon has countered in court papers that it did not violate its agreement to buy at least 27 million gallons of water every quarter from Waterford. Halfmoon's attorney, David A. Engel of Albany, said in a response the agreement was voided when both communities shut down their water treatment plants and started buying water from Troy in 2009. The lawsuit between the towns was filed in 2012 and has languished in state Supreme Court with no activity in more than a year. GE opened its Fort Edward manufacturing plant in 1946 and its Hudson Falls plant, a mile up the river, in 1951. The court records indicate GE purchased an estimated 190 million pounds of PCBs over a period of decades, using it as a dielectric fluid to insulate its capacitors from overheating. PCBs, a coal-tar byproduct, were for many years the government's preferred chemical for that purpose, in part because they were effective at preventing fires while not interfering with conductivity. PCBs, which a committee for the World Health Organization has declared are a known carcinogen, were banned by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency in 1979. Much of the Hudson River's pollution occurred when PCBs were spilled onto the ground or seeped into the bedrock below GE's Washington County factories. They were also flushed into the capacitor plants' wastewater systems, which poured into the nearby river. John A. Harrington, who was employed at GE's Hudson Falls plant from 1951 to 1968, signed a sworn affidavit taken by the EPA in January 2007 describing how PCBs — which GE referred to under the trade name "pyranol" — were handled at the Washington County plant. The affidavit was filed in a federal case in New Hampshire in which the EPA pursued environmental charges against GE in connection with its distribution of waste PCBs to a paint-manufacturing company. "Approximately two to three times per year, if not more, up to one-thousand gallons of pyranol would become contaminated, with something, which rendered it to waste," Harrington's affidavit states. "If barrels were available, this waste pyranol would be barreled. If there were no barrels available, a valve was opened on the waste pyranol tank which was located between buildings one and two, and the waste pyranol was allowed to flow through the pipe that went into the ground and snaked its way out and into the Hudson River. This occurred two to three times a year, if not more, during the time I worked in this department." GE's sp
okesman said there's no way, decades later, to verify Harrington's claims. The company has repeatedly insisted it never broke any environmental laws and that its toxic discharges were "permitted." Behan, who owns a Glens Falls communications firm under contract with GE, said in an email in March that Harrington's affidavit "adds little to the discussion." "There is no dispute that PCBs reached the Hudson River based on disposal practices that were common a half-century ago and eliminated decades ago," he wrote. "What is abundantly clear is that, when concerns about PCBs were raised, GE took steps to change its manufacturing operations to reduce and ultimately eliminate the loss or discharge of PCBs to the environment. What's also indisputable is that, since the 1970's, GE has conducted and paid for comprehensive cleanups of PCBs on its plant sites ... and has met and continues to meet every regulatory commitment." GE's fifth year of dredging the upper Hudson River began this spring. firstname.lastname@example.org • 518-454-5547 • @blyonswriter|The Ancient Roman City of Jerash| toward the Syrian Border, Jordan In its thousands-of-years lifespan, this spot has also been a Neolithic settlement, an Early Bronze Age village, and part of the Nabotean Kingdom. The founding of the city is sometimes attributed to Alexander the Great or to Ptolemy II. Emperor Hadrian wintered here in 129-130 AD. Its both ancient and legendary and a definite must see as part of any visit to Amman. Check-out the rest of the photos in this 33 second slide show below: Photographic montage of the ancient city of Jerash in JordanIf you’re in a group (real life, online, wherever) then you are expected to conform to the rules of the group. Cross a boundary, or even just push its limits, and the reaction can be varied, and sometimes quite unexpected. It doesn’t matter who was objectively right or wrong (if there is such a thing in play), what matters is the rules of the group. The rules of the group can help sweep an individual into a world of things they aren’t comfortable with. If everyone gets pissed every Saturday and you don’t, that is likely to slide. It’s non-participation, and that’s a little easier to forgive. But try saying that maybe it’s not healthy to live a life so soaked in alcohol, and you’re ripe for ejection. It’s part of being in the group, and questioning it marks you out as ‘not like us’. It makes it hard to stand up to a group of people you know, who are your friends, and say something unpopular. It takes a lot of guts to hear people joking about bashing someone and stand up and say ‘no, that’s not ok’. It’s hard to watch someone make jokes about sexual assault and call them out on it. Maybe, if you’re lucky, they will look at themselves and think ‘no, I don’t want to be that guy’, or maybe the blame for disrupting a sick joke will blow back on you. It’s hard being the one who stands up and says no, but it says a lot about your character.I’m a staff writer for the Texas Travesty, which is the largest student-produced humor publication in the country. During my time on staff, the Travesty won their sixth ‘Best Local Publication’ award from the readers of the Austin Chronicle. I also campaigned for the Travesty’s Xavier Rotnofsky and Rohit Mandalapu, during their victorious Student Government Executive Alliance election. After the race, I was quoted in the USA Today College. Most of the Texas Travesty’s work is written in collaboration, and can be read at TexasTravesty.com. However, I am also the Senior Food Critic for the publication, and my reviews can be read below:A few of us have shopping problems. A few of us just need to save some cash. A few of us just might be up for a challenge of epic proportions. We all just want to make the most of what we have and appreciate that others may not be as fortunate to buy what they want when they want. No shopping or eating out for 365 days. If you cave, you must donate an amount equal to your purchase to the Greater Twin Cities United Way. Good Luck.Great day in Filey @Ruddisretreat, show support for the charity by voting at Lotterygoodcauses.org.uk/Awards or the hashtag #NLARuddi #NLAwards About the Project: Free respite holidays at the seaside for families affected by cancer, life-limiting illness, bereavement and dementia, in specially adapted caravans Founder Ali Waterworth started the charity after her son Ruddi developed a rare cancer at six months old. He needed a year of intensive treatment, including three months in America, which took a huge toll, emotionally, physically and financially on the family. A charity provided them with a much-needed week away in a caravan to recharge their batteries and it was here that Ruddi took his first steps. Mum-of-four Ali vowed to offer the same support to others and launched a fundraising drive in 2011. This was in spite of Ali going bankrupt because of the pressures of Ruddi's illness. She says: "I know it sounds silly but that week was a game changer for us. It meant everything." The first eight-berth static caravan at Primrose Valley holiday park in Filey, East Yorkshire, opened in 2012, donated by supporter and now trustee David Firth, with National Lottery funding helping to buy a second caravan in 2013. Families apply to the charity for a break, which is usually over a weekend or short week, with full weeks available outside of school holidays. The park is close to a hospital, should families need one. Eligibility has expanded from families with a child having treatment or recovering from cancer, to those with life-limiting illnesses, a parent who has been sick or children dealing with bereavement, and now dementia sufferers and their familiesNot me, of course. Blech. How sad that this counts as “news” in somebody’s world, though: Startups move at break-neck pace, under a lot of pressure to succeed bigger and faster than any normal company. And women don’t want to give up their personal life in exchange for the chance to be the next Google. Women would rather just sleep with/marry the guy who invented Google. It’s easier, and women are lazy.NorthShore’s online source for timely health and wellness news, inspiring patient stories and tips to lead a healthy life. When you plan to be out in the sun for an extended period of time (or even for just a short amount of time), wearing some form of sun protection is better than nothing. But, with all the options on the market today, how do you know which sunscreen is best for complete sun protection? Reshma Haugen, MD, Dermatologist at NorthShore, talks about the different types of sunscreen and offers suggestions on which are better than others: What type of sunscreen do you prefer to use? Do you use sunscreen every time you are outside in the sun?MD - Radiotherapy, Diploma in Tuberculosis and Chest Diseases (DTCD) Medical Registration Verified Dr. Harpreet Singh is a Radiation Oncologist in Paschim Vihar, Delhi and has an experience of 28 years in this field. Dr. Harpreet Singh practices at Sri Balaji more.. FC 34, A-4, Paschim Vihar East, Landmark: Opposite Dda Sports Complex, Delhi MON - SAT 09:00 - 05:00 Get the free Practo AppThis curriculum is designed as a guide for the project facilitator. The activities and background information in this curriculum will help youth develop the requisite knowledge and skills associated with raising and showing swine. Activities are youth centered and include opportunities for the application of knowledge and skills at three different levels of experience: beginner, intermediate, and advanced. Youth learn many things, including: - bio-security risk assessment and mitigation strategies. - budgeting decisions associated with raising and housing swine. - dietary needs of pigs at different life stages. - pre-show preparation; showmanship; and judging. - ethical decision making in caring for and showing swine.Your key responsibilities - Follow-up of the day-to-day management of several real asset funds under management - Liaise with the investment advisors, investment management teams in the different countries and the local asset managers for all real asset transactions linked to the real asset vehicles under management - Act as a manager of different real asset vehicles under management - Monitoring of the observance of asset limits, plausibility of valuation results, etc. - Attendance of risk management activities: risk identification, risk strategy, analyzes, etc. - Optimize contract management and coordinate new contracts in close cooperation with our legal department - Monitoring of internal reportings to committees and external reportings e.g. quarterly reports - Implementation of asset strategies, capital-, revenue- and cashflow-planning and -management, KPIs, etc. - You hold a degree in Finance, Economics or Accounting - You have at least 3 to 5 years professional experience in real asset portfolio management / fund management, real asset transaction and / or real asset management - A similar management position within a real asset AIFM in Luxembourg would be a very competitive advantage - Professional knowledge of the AIFMD and real asset investment vehicles in Luxembourg - Good knowledge of the European commercial real asset market trends and challenges - Fluent in English and good knowledge in German; knowledge of other European languages will be a plus - Autonomous, rigorous and very well organized - Alceda is an aspiring company at the Luxembourg and Hamburg financial centres - Excellent possibilities of further development, also individual personnel development - A demanding task in a highly-skilled, dynamic team Apply by e-mail Alceda is a leading independent structuring specialist in Europe dedicated to the structuring of traditional and alternative investments. Alceda provides asset and fund managers, banks and family offices with tailored investment solutions and global access to investors and distribution partners. In addition, Alceda offers institutional investors the choice of a range of innovative investment strategies from highly specialised fund boutiques worldwide. Established in 2007, Alceda now is represented in 4 countries, with offices in Luxembourg, Hamburg (Germany), London and Hong Kong. With more than 70 employees worldwide Alceda has over USD 8.6bn assets under administration across a variety of products.As a resident of Maputo now for about 3 years (and a resident of Mozambique for nearly 4!), here are some of my beauty recommendations for the capital city: Best place for a haircut: Salão Olímpia Pinto (aka the salon on the first floor of the Polana Shopping). I cut my hair with a lady called São, who is the owner of the salon. She has a funny style of haircutting, much choppier and agressive than I am used to, and is really a fan of layers no matter what kind of cut you ask for. Personally, her style works for me, as it is good for cuts that look slightly messy. However, there are two things that really bother me about São: First, she always is overbooked, and ends up running late and cutting 2 or 3 ladies' hair at the same time. Second, she talks on her phone while she cuts your hair, holding the phone between her head and shoulder and merrily chopping away despite the fact that she isn't looking at you straight on. Still, it is worth it, as I've yet to find someone who cuts better in Maputo. Women's haircut and style runs around 650mt. Best place for highlights: Salão Hera (aka the salon on the second floor of the Decali day spa on Av. Kenneth Kaunda, just down from the World Bank). I have the owner, a Portuguese woman called Isabella, do my highlights. She is good at listening, and works relatively quickly. They are some of the best highlights I've had in my life, if you can believe it. As always, however, there are some downsides. Isabella smokes inside the salon and blares out very, very loud dance music on the stero, which I find unprofessional. Also, I don't like her haircutting style (it tends to be too blunt for my taste), and I've had to correct crooked bangs and side pieces of my hair the last two times I've had a cut with Isabella. The highlights are so good, though, they keep me coming back. Highlights on short hair + women's haircut and style runs about 3,000mt. Best place for a manicure: Salão Decali (on Av. Kenneth Kaunda in a white house with a green gate, just down from the World Bank). Dona Celeste, my favorite manicurist, is incredible. She does an impeccable job with nails, gives a mean arm/leg massage, and is so gentle and mothering she can be a temporary cure to my bouts of homesickness. All of the equipment is obviously clean and sterilized regularly, and tools aren't re-used or shared between clients. My manicures typically last 7 days, and my pedicures last 3 weeks. Cost for mani + pedi is 750mt if you pay in cash. (on a side note, Nail Spa is also quite good, but I don't go there anymore as I had my cell phone stolen from my purse while getting my nails done there last year - I think it was one of the clients, but I wasn't impressed with the manager's response to the situation and have never gone back). Best place for waxing: As far as I'm concerned, the jury is still out on this one. I've had bad and good experiences at all the places I think are decent for waxing. Currently, I go to Dona Celeste at Decali, but I find she goes over the same areas with wax too many times, and tends to give my sensitive skin slight burns/bruises. I used to wax with the lady at Nail Spa at the Jardim dos Namorados, but she once botched a bikini was so severely (and painfully!) I never went back. I have several friends who swear by the salon on Av. Julius Nyerere just across from the Deli 951 (don't remember the name of the salon or the deli right now - sorry). It is near Taverna restaurant. Waxing costs vary depending on the salon, but tend to be pretty reasonable, and are much cheaper than in the US. Wherever you go, just be sure they don't recycle wax between clients. I had a horrifying experience once in Chimoio when I realized the wax the lady was using on my bikini line was already full of another woman's hairs!! Best place for a massage: Salão Decali. My favorite is the hot rock massage with Dona Celeste. She is one of the few people in Maputo who can actually dig into my muscles hard enough for me to feel like it's a proper massage. There is always the Chinese place just off Av. Julius Nyerere near Mundo's, but I've not heard great reviews. Best clothing botique: Papaia (next to Hotel Polana). The shop is overpriced, but the clothes are imported from Paris and Portugal and are generally good quality. Caters especially to women who are tall, or who have a slender build. I am average height and a bit curvy, so not everything there works on me, but it's definitely worth a look. Other options are the second-hand Mango shop on the side street just past Talho Polana (it is a Remar charity shop that, for some odd reason, only sells Mango brand clothes). I've never made it in there, as they only allow 2 or 3 ladies at a time and the wait can get frustrating. Several friends have found cute tops and dresses there, but I think it's a bit hit or miss. If you are into stereotypically Brazilian-style clothing (tight jeans, small tops, etc.), you might try somewhere like Loja das Damas or any of the small family-run shops around town, but I've never been enticed by their window displays or their advertising. Best clothing retailer: I like Woolworth's and Mr. Price. Their clothes are cheap, but cute, and perfect for one-season pieces. Best place to buy a bikini: Verd'Agua (aka gift shop a Southern Sun hotel, previously Holiday Inn). They have a decent selection of bikinis, ranging from brazilian-style cuts to more modest American-style ones. Patterns are cute, and the prices are surprisingly reasonable. I just bought a great bikini there for 1,250mt. Best place to buy clothes from local fashion designers: Franco-Mozambican Cultural Center gift shop. The clothes are overpriced, but you can find some very unique pieces. Definitely not for everyone's taste, but if you are into fashion, you can find some interesting things. More basic locally made clothes using capulanas can be found at the Saturday Wood Market in the square just off Av. 25 de Setembro, down from Café Continental. Best place to buy "ethnic" jewelry: Saturday wood market, or the shop on the second floor of Polana Shopping that specializes in African jewelry of slightly higher quality. And of course, there are always my pieces with Ilha de Moçambique trade beads and precious Mozambican hardwoods. :) Best place to buy makeup/perfume/creams: Duty free in Joburg airport, or across the border in Nelspruit. I think these beauty items are ridiculously marked up in Maputo, and I am never confident that I'm not buying a knockoff product. If there is a good place here for makeup and perfume, by all means let me know! Hope you find this helpful...Today I finally felt like I could have a conversation so when my Weight Watcher buddies asked if they could bring me coffee ... I said YES! They stayed just 20 minutes and despite no shower or makeup in a week they think I look just great! It's about 10am right now with my next physical therapy session at 2pm. I'm going to rest up and take a shower!! Whoo hoo the excitement over here. The kids brought over easy to fix breakfast and lunch foods ... including my beloved popcorn popper! My back is bothering me now so I'm not sure how PT will go today. I also called the surgeon's office for another week of pain medication. After a long conversation, me feeling like a wimp ... she said most people call for reinforcements after a few days. She gave me lots of good information on how to decide when to postpone dosage to every four hours, then five and when I get to 8 hours, I can do one pill every three hours, then four, etc. This little apartment has a lot more room for me to simply walk around. After my shower, I'll ask for my sweatshirt and my robe and maybe walk outdoors since the weather is sunny and 70. Now ... to look up Arthur Murray studios ...Friday, May 24, 2013 Overview - Awfully Lawful Raymond Cho and Pal Sinn are partners of a solicitor firm. They invite Roger Kwok and Johnson Lee to join the firm as well. Despite their different personalities, the four men share a close bond. They are well-known within the legal circle as "The Big Four Mature Men". Their creative tactics to win court cases has won over many female clients. Unfortunately, someone has swindled money from the firm. To save the firm from financial distress, four female lawyers are brought in. They include Roger's rival (Sharon Chan), Johnson's wealthy wife (Selena Li), a housewife (Joyce Tang) and a barrister who gets entangled with Pal and Johnson (Grace Wong). The eight people's working and private relationships get more and more messy, until they finally realize that there is someone behind all the happenings at the law firm... Comment: Sounds like it'll be a nice comedy. I always look forward to legal dramas! Watch Promo Clips hereThe SAS Group, an international provider of managed network and professional services today announced that it has acquired Tidewell Solutions, a privately owned virtual network operator. Based in West Sussex, Tidewell Solutions resells IP voice and data networking products to global and UK based customers. “With this acquisition we will have a lot more control over the networking products we sell to our customers,” said Charles Davis, CEO of the SAS Group. “It will also allow us to be more competitive on pricing, a key component of growing our direct customer base, and will be a major enabler for increasing our service levels and flexibility to existing customers.” The purchase of Tidewell Solutions marks the first in a series of acquisitions the company expects to make over the next three years. “We are looking to acquire complementary managed service businesses that allow us to extend our current service reach from IP networking and application path management into key areas such as business applications, cloud security, hosting and mobility management,” said Davis. “This strategy will ensure that we continue to bridge the knowledge gap between network and application providers and deliver increasing value to customers operating in both physical and virtual environments.” Upon closure of the acquisition, employees of Tidewell Solutions will be integrated with the SAS Group. Financial terms of the transaction are undisclosed.It’s been a bit of a thunderstorm drought this summer and fall here in NYC, and I've been busting my ass for weeks on school commitments and Gravesend Inn stuff. So, when I saw a tornado outbreak forecast in Iowa for a Friday when I had the day off (after working 13 days straight), I figured I should go for it, despite Iowa’s reputation for difficult and frustrating storm chasing. The early models put the severe threat across most of Iowa and up into southern Minnesota, so I booked my flights in/out of Chicago, which is within reasonable striking distance and also has a lot of flight flexibility (these days there are very few direct flights into many of the cities in the plains). I’m going to post my photo highlights here, and if you’re interested in the chase details I've got them below (for me if no one else). But in the end, while I missed all the tornadoes (basically, I went south and the storms stayed north), it was still a good trip, despite a nasty cold that came on literally hours after I bought my non-refundable plane tickets. For me there’s nothing more engaging than picking chase targets, safely navigating around severe or tornado-warned storms, all the while planning escape routes and trying to frame a shot and get it in focus, sometimes in a scene only illuminated by lightning. Storm chasing is one of the rare times I get in that hyper-engaged state of “flow”, and those times make all the hassles worth it. And despite the danger and the attendant tragic impact on people’s lives, I find the storms themselves to be quite a beautiful indication of nature’s power. My first severe storm of the day near Adel: From near Bartlett, a severe-warned storm approaching from Nebraska: From near Mineola, another severe storm to the south that got a tornado warning after dark: The original storm to the north The southern storm again: The southern storm, now over Red Oak with a tornado warning: The blue target is me, I was stuck to the north of this storm but I figured I'd ride it out there and see what the west side looked like: These silos are just northwest of Lewis: I stayed back in Des Moines for the night, and then yesterday chased severe storm conditions that jumped out way to my east. So I stopped and got a few photos near Chatsworth, Illinois in front of an approaching system that was severe off to the northeast farther than I could go (story of this trip): Thursday night my flight ran late due to thunderstorms in Chicago (which I go to watch from the plane) and Hertz took forever, so I only made it to Peru, Illinois that night. I had wanted to get further west but my cold was really slowing me down, but Peru that seemed like a reasonable reach to get out to Iowa in time for the big weather forecast for Friday afternoon, given the Moderate Risk already issued by the SPC. When I got up Friday morning, the models for this complex system had extended the severe threat west into Nebraska. Since this system was going to impact the area from west to east, I started heading as far west as I could get on I-80, having to pass through a first round of heavy rain, delaying me yet again. By the time I stopped for lunch the moderate risk area had pushed south and west again. So I figured I'd keep heading west and a little south of I-80 and try to get in front of the storms, which a quick look at the HRRR (simulated forecast radar) showed storms generating in front of the cold front in the south and travelling north. Back on I-80 I saw the Adel storm from the highway, and I saw some lowering in it. I went to check it out and then it got a severe warning. With my cold-induced brain fog and a bit of a hook on this storm, I probably stayed on this storm a little too long, and then started west again. The SPC boys then issued a tornado watch well into Nebraska, and I thought about just blasting on straight into Nebraska (in hindsight this would have been the better choice) but with 250 miles of driving in already that day, all the while hacking and coughing (I went through two
bags of cough drops on the trip), I didn't think I could safely make another 150 miles just to get to the start of a chase of indeterminate length. I drove a bit further west and then tornado-warned storms started to fire in northeast Nebraska (and eventually produce very violent wedge tornadoes), but having chased up in that region before (here's my writeup of a previous chase bust) , I knew there were limited opportunities to cross the river, and I figured by the time I got to these storms they would fizzle out (I was also wrong about that). But around that time I saw a boundary on the radar along the storm line in Nebraska to the south of the tornado-warned storms, and I figured this would eventually kick up something in south west Iowa, so I headed down that way. I watched the cell above come across from Nebraska and followed it until sunset. Around this time the storm to my south got a tornado warning, but by that time it was well after dark so I hung around and shot the lightning photos above. So in the end, I missed all the tornadoes, but I felt a little better because I could see on Spotter Network and from several obvious chase vehicles in the area (I chase very low key, others have weather instruments and graphic wraps on their vehicles) that I wasn't the only one who made that same call and missed the action up north. I headed back to Des Moines and crashed for the night. The next morning there was a slight risk out for Illinois, so, since I needed to go that way anyway to get back to the airport, I figured I'd get on whatever came along and maybe get some more lightning photos. But in the same way the severe threat moved out to my west as I was driving west, now the severe threat moved east faster than I could drive. I started out in the morning behind the cold front, crossed through it, but then storms fired out north and south. Everything died in my area by sunset, so I just headed to the hotel to try and get some sleep before my way-too-early flight this morning. One consolation: When it looked like I was going to end up way out west I changed my flight from Saturday night to early today, and I'm glad I did because a large severe-warned storm went right over Chicago Saturday night and delayed my original flight for about three hours couple hours. So while in the end, I drove about 1,300 miles (630 just on Friday, the chase day) and didn't get to see much in the way of severe storms, that's something that can happen on these kind of chases (I once sat with hundreds of chasers in Nebraska in the center of a tornado watch under sunny skies all day, but the cap never broke so nothing happened until a big line developed after midnight.). As good as scientists are at forecasting the weather, these kind of complex systems are difficult to forecast. And my objective is to get photos of nature's beauty and menace, and in the end all the videos I've seen of people who got on the storms up north show big, ugly dangerous wedges on a hazy day. In the end, in this possibly record low tornado year, I think I already got on the most photogenic storm of the year in Rozel *(my photos here) My thoughts are with those in Nebraska and Iowa who were injured or who lost property (as of this writing there are fortunately no reports of fatalities) and at least one chaser I know stopped and helped out when they saw significant damage in Nebraska.Well, we just got home last night. Still a bit fuzzy-headed and jet lagged, but our hearts are full of joy and gratitude to God for making this wonderful adventure possible, and to our many new family and friends who extended hospitality, warmth and friendship that made our stay so completetly unforgettable. The main reason for traveling was for our daughter's wedding. Our new son-in-law Rhys pastors a church in the North island of New Zealand. He and Joy were blessed to be married by Rhys' dad, who is also a pastor. We had many fantastic experiences there and will be sharing some of these in upcoming posts. Here are a few pictures of this special day. The phenomenal photography was done by Deb and Dave (www.deborahdegraaf.co.nz). Thanks, guys, you blew us away. P.S. Thanks to everyone for your prayers and well-wishes for our safe travel.foziewisp \’fō-zee-wisp\ n 1 : a natural item (such as a leaf, shell, or pod) 2 : a person who collects foziewisps And we are happy to have you! You know how I love me some sunsets and sunrises! The word "awesome" was created for them. XOXO It's never corny to be happy and thankful. And this sky is so darn gorgeous. Thank you for sharing! So, so beautiful!! Nature is a wonderful thing. Post a CommentAs I'm sure you're already aware, this can mean a ton of different things. But, that being said, it can also be applied to everything that we do in everyday life. For my purposes, I'm referring to our Chair Massage business. We want to make sure that we're constantly sending the best, most qualified massage therapists to each of our client sites. We want to offer the latest in techniques, service, and features for each and every visit. It takes time, lots of hard work, and a desire to be the best. We definitely have room for improvement and we're working hard to get there.RMSA to transform secondary education Rashtriya Madhyamik Shiksha Abhiyan (RMSA) is a new centrally sponsored scheme for universalisation of access to and improvement of quality at secondary stage (class IX-XII). The objective of the scheme is to achieve a General Enrolment Ratio (GER) of 75% for classes IX-X within 5 years by providing a secondary school within a reasonable distance of every habitation, to improve quality of education imparted at secondary level through making all secondary schools conform to prescribed norms, to remove gender, socio-economic and disability barriers, universal access to secondary level education by 2017, i.e., by the end of 12th Five Year Plan and universal retention by 2020. The cost of the scheme is to be mobilized between the Centre and the State on the basis of 90:10 sharing pattern between the Centre and the State. Broad national physical targets include improving enrolment ratio for classes IX-X to 75% within five years from 52.26% as in 2005-06, providing facilities for estimated additional enrolment of 32.20 lakh by 2011-12 through strengthening of about 44,000 existing secondary schools, opening/strengthening 11,188 new secondary schools, appointment of 1.79 lakh additional teachers and construction of 88,500 lakh additional classrooms. Fund allocation: Rs 20,120 crore (total for all states) has been allocated for this scheme under 11th Five Year Plan. Status of RMSA in the state: Secondary Education Management Information System (SEMIS) has been completed and based on the data generated by it, an Annual Work Plan and Budget for activities to be taken up under RMSA in Manipur has been prepared. Steps being taken and to be taken by the state government: 1. Constitution of State level Mission on RMSA headed by Chief Minister, Executive Committee headed by Secretary in-charge of Secondary education and Technical Support Group. 2. Necessary administrative arrangement to implement the project including appointment of a separate State Mission Director as Nodal Officer. 3. Undertaking micro-planning exercise including base line assessment in districts, and identification of upper primary schools to be upgraded and secondary schools to be strengthened. 4. Strengthening of the offices of District Education Officer and Block level Education Offices and administrative arrangement of the implementation of the project at district and block level. 5. Constitution of School Management and Development Committee and opening of bank accounts of the Committee. 6. Preparation of Perspective Plan and Annual Plan. 7. A time-bound action plan for recruitment of additional teachers with emphasis on teachers for Science, English and Mathematics. 8. Preparation of a time bound plan for in-service training of all teachers.Yesterday, life was normal for carny worker Bob Bobbinson. -show tall black dude whistling happily and entertaining kids- But then, when he became the conductor of a roller coaster being used by the President of the United States... -dramatic flash to the wheels of a roller coaster grinding on the track- ...things went HORRIBLY WRONG. -show Bob fighting, yelling- "ENOUGH IS ENOUGH! I HAVE HAD IT WITH THESE MOTHAF__KIN' SHARKS ON THIS MOTHAF__KIN' ROLLERCOASTER!" -orchestral music starts pounding- Coming February 31st to that one crumbling theater that only shows old movies that no one really goes to NEAR YOU: Staring Samamuaemellely Ell. Jockson, Kyneria Nitely, and that one adorable cute kid from the 80's who's now some old creep: Sharks on a Roller Coaster! SHARKS ON A ROLLER COASTER: You must be this tall...TO DIE.DTZ Group - Case Study DTZ is one of the ‘big four’ global real estate advisors operating across Europe, the Middle East, Africa, Asia Pacific and the Americas, working with client organisations to advise on the purchase, sale, leasing and acquisition of all types of commercial and residential real estate. Its professional advisory services include the management of real estate portfolios, building consultancy and valuation. DTZ’s clients include multi-national companies, major financial institutions, property companies, banks, governments and other public sector organisations. DTZ has over 150 offices in 46 countries around the world; currently there are 25 offices in the UK alone including the Group HQ. DTZ currently has around 12,500 employees worldwide, of which around 2,500 are in the UK. In early 2008, DTZ commissioned Quantum Plus to carry out a review of its ICT Sourcing Strategy. A significant factor underlying this was that DTZ planned to rationalise its London office locations in Autumn 2008, consolidating five current offices across the City and West End of London into three locations including a new global HQ building in the City of London. One of the existing locations housed a data centre and others contained server rooms, primarily providing local file and print facilities. As a part of this relocation, DTZ no longer wanted to have an in-house data centre. In addition, DTZ had a legacy agreement with a third party organisation for the provision of an IT Service Desk for its UK business, which was due to expire in July 2008. This sourcing strategy review identified a number of conflicting constraints – the existing contractual commitments, the requirement to consider the strategic direction to meet global demands, budgetary pressures, the need to ‘layer on’ services in line with IT maturity and business objectives, and the very tight timescales of the pending office moves. This resulted in a decision to identify a strategic partner that was capable of performing a swift mobilisation to take on responsibility for the provision of Service Desk and Data Centre services in the UK within the required timescales, but that was also able to demonstrate its ability to expand at a future date the scope of services provided to DTZ in both breadth of function and geography. Quantum Plus proposed an RFP based selection process that enabled services to be prioritised and added as required. The RFP had as its top priority the outsourcing of the existing DTZ UK data centre and the transfer of the UK service desk service from the current external provider by 1 September 2008. The RFP then requested commercial proposals for the subsequent outsourcing of support for the rest of DTZ’s ICT infrastructure. Finally, the RFP asked recipients to describe their capabilities to later extend the scope to include support for the ICT infrastructure in other countries where DTZ operates and to provide support for its global application portfolio. Following the evaluation of responses to the RFP, bidder presentations and reference visits, a preferred supplier was selected. Owing to the relatively tight timescales associated with the completion of the transfer of the DTZ data centre prior to their central London office relocation, it was necessary to commence some transition activities (e.g. the ordering of network links) prior to contract signature. To facilitate this, a ‘letter of intent’ was agreed and issued by DTZ to the supplier. In line with this, the current service desk agreement was extended by three months to allow the data centre outsourcing to be accomplished as top priority and assure the continuity of the service desk service over the intervening period prior to it being transferred to the new supplier. “This has been a very challenging programme of work both for the internal DTZ teams and for all our partners, including Quantum Plus. Frankly, we would not have achieved that which we were required to achieve without Quantum Plus’ expertise and guidance”. Chief Information OfficerSometimes anecdote and a few comments speaks louder than news stories, to wit these words from Facebook friends: "Ummmm - The next american civil war seems like its coming to a head....Cops are getting shot now...Stay away from large cities...if you can" Things are melting down very quickly - EVERYWHERE. Thanks Ryan, Bradley and Josh Here is a collection of recent stories and videos illustrating the situation Here is a collection of recent stories and videos illustrating the situation Charles Kondek, Killed On Duty, Remembered at Funeral 28 December, 2014 The Florida police officer fatally shot by a fugitive while on duty was mourned by family, friends and fellow officers at an emotional funeral service Saturday. The community in Tarpon Springs, just west of Tampa, lined the sidewalks as the procession for Officer Charles Kondek traveled from Idlewild Baptist Church to Grace Memorial Cemetery. One of Kondek's six children spoke lovingly of her father, a 17-year veteran of the Tarpon Springs police force. "My mom lost her best friend and the love of her life," his daughter said, according to NBC affiliate WFLA. "We love you daddy and we will always have you in our hearts." Kondek, 45, was killed while responding to a complaint about noise coming from the car of fugitive Marco Antonio Parilla Jr., who police say admitted to shooting the officer and then fleeing the scene because he didn't want to go back to prison. He also ran over Kondek's body with his car, authorities said. Parilla, 23, who was wanted on a parole violation, was charged Monday with first-degree murder and denied bail. Kondek's colleagues remembered him for being helpful and supportive of his fellow officers. "He was good-natured, loved to joke around, a lot of laughter," Tarpon Springs Sgt. Michael Trill said through tears, WFLA reported. While the funeral took place, Officer Kondek's car was parked outside of the church, tied in a large black ribbon and with his badge number — 285 — displayed prominently on the front. More details released about Flagstaff officer killed in shooting 28 December, 2014 Family, friends and community members in Flagstaff and Anthem will gather for vigils to remember slain Flagstaff Officer Tyler Stewart tonight. Tyler, 24, who had less than one year on the job, was shot several times by rapid gunfire and killed Saturday afternoon by a 28-year-old man who then turned the gun on himself, police said. Tyler is the son of Department of Public Safety Sgt. Frank Stewart. According to police, Stewart was killed during an interview with a domestic violence suspect. Robert William Smith, 28, of Prescott, had been involved in an earlier domestic-violence call in Flagstaff with his girlfriend, spokeswoman Sgt. Margaret Bentzen said. Stewart met with Smith and had a conversation regarding earlier events. Stewart, who was outside his patrol car, had been asking Smith questions about what had happened and asked to pat down Smith for any weapons, Bentzen said. At this time, Smith reached for a gun he had in his pocket and fired several shots at Stewart. Bentzen said Stewart had no time to return fire, as the shots were immediate and rapidly fired. Stewart fell to the ground and Smith continued to fire, she said. Officers were dispatched after several residents in the area reported Stewart lying on the ground and when dispatchers could no longer get a verbal reply from him, Bentzen said. He was rushed to Flagstaff Medical Center, where he was pronounced dead. Bentzen said Smith had been arrested in 2009 involving domestic violence. "This is an enormous tragedy for our department and the family of our officer," Flagstaff Police Chief Kevin Treadway said in a statement. "We are a very close-knit organization, and know that all members of the Flagstaff Police Department are grieving at this time. With that being said, all of the men and women of the Flagstaff Police Department extend our prayers and condolences to the family of our Officer Tyler Stewart." The police department will sponsor a candlelight vigil at 5:30 p.m. today at the Officer Down Memorial Statue, located in front of the Flagstaff Police Department headquarters, 911 E. Sawmill Road. A coinciding candlelight vigil will also be held at 5:30 p.m. at the Anthem Community Park, located at 41703 N. Gavilan Peak Parkway. Stewart in 2008 graduated from Boulder Creek High School in Anthem. Stewart's family is expected to attend the Flagstaff vigil, Bentzen said. Cards, flowers and candles left by well-wishers began piling up at the memorial Saturday evening Whereas, on the other side of the racial divide its all tolerance Two men who shot up Idaho Walmart with BB gun taken into custody by police 28 December, 2014 Two Idaho men were taken into custody without incident after shooting up a Walmart with a BB gun and threatening to harm other customers, the Coeur d’Alene Press reports. The arrest of the two men — who were not identified — stands in stark contrast to an incident at a Ohio Walmart in August involving an African-American man, John Crawford, that left him dead after police shot him while he stood in an aisle casually holding a BB gun after he had removed it from a shelf. According to Idaho police, the two intoxicated men walked into the Post Falls Walmart and proceeded to remove BB guns from boxes, before loading one and firing it four times while in the store. In a report to police, Walmart store security contacted them saying the two men “started shooting the gun in the store and made comments that they were going to shoot the store up.” According to one Walmart loss prevention employee, the men approached him and asked if he wanted to join them. The two men exited the store before police arrived, but officers and sheriff’s deputies were able to set up a perimeter and take them into custody without incident. According to police, the two men were charged with aggravated assault, discharging a firearm in city limits, and malicious damage to property. The shooting of John Crawford at the Ohio Walmart drew national attention, when surveillance video showed Crawford facing away from officers, talking on his cell phone, and leaning on the BB gun like a cane when officer came around a display and shot him on sight. Police had been called to the store by a panicky Walmart customer, Robert Ritchie, who claimed that Crawford had been “threatening” customers with the children’s gun. Ritchie later changed his story, saying, “At no point did he shoulder the rifle and point it at somebody,” although he continued to insist Crawford was “waving it around,” despite video not backing up his assertion. An Ohio grand jury refused to hand down an indictment of the police officers involved in Crawford’s death. Special Prosecutor Mark Piepmeier, appointed by Ohio Attorney General Mike DeWine called Crawford’s death a tragedy for his family and the officers who, he said, will live the rest of their lives knowing “they took the life of someone who didn’t need to die.” The discrepancy in how the different men were treated by police was noted on Twitter by RightWingWatch Fan: NYPD double murder drives rift between protesters, politicians and police 23 December, 2014 Anti-police brutality protesters are vowing to continue demonstrating, despite New York City Mayor Bill De Blasio urging them to refrain and be ‘respectful’ of police officers. Two city police department officers were killed execution style on Saturday, and multiple groups are blaming the weeks of protests for the tragedy. RT’s Alexey Yarosjevsky is in New York with more details 8 white cops, 1 black homeless man, 46 bullets 29 October, 2014 NYPD Was Sued Average Of 10 Times A Day In 2013, Inspiring ‘ClaimStat’ Online App To Track Claims 24 December, 2014 Data released by NYC’s Comptroller office is showing some disturbing trends in claims and payouts against the NYPD. According to the City of NY Office of the Comptroller Claims Report for FY 2012, the city paid $186.3 million in tort claims involving the NYPD in 2011, $152 million in 2012, $137 million in 2013 with an average of 10 lawsuits per day according to RT, with $674 million allotted for 2015 to cover costs of more suits, which averages out to about $80 per NYC resident. To help rein in costs, City Comptroller, Scott M. Stringer, newly inaugurated in 2014, has shaken up the establishment a bit by launching a real-time claim mapping application called ClaimStat, an online app that provides some shocking transparency by using map location and detail data of claims filed against some of the most costly and worst offending departments under his financial control, NYPD being at the top of the list. Stringer states ClaimStat can be used as an “early warning system” to help identify where police behavior is costing the city in lawsuits and settlements. Stringer was quoted telling MSNBC: “We do not need to accept the premise that claims and settlements have to go up year after year. We don’t have to accept that violent confrontations between police and the community are an inevitable part of policing.” After all of the grand juries, trials, protests and complaints, seems they don’t start really paying attention until it hits them where it really hurts...the pocketbook. In RT’s description for the video above, it states, “According to data released from the NYC’s Comptroller office, the NYPD was sued an average of ten times per day in 2013. What’s more, the claims cost the city about $137 million. The comptroller has set aside a whopping $674 million for 2015 to cover costs of more suits against the city.” In a story from 2012, RT also shares a staggering statistic, that between 2000 – 2010, NYC paid out almost $6 billion dollars in settlements. Those massive claims and unsustainable budget numbers inspired Stringer to use data intelligence to pinpoint problem areas which were costing the city precious reяources. Cops Threaten a Blue Coup in New York City “The police union chief instructed his members to impose a martial law-type policing regime on the city.” 27 December, 2014 When Police Benevolent Association chief Patrick Lynch said New York Mayor Bill de Blasio has the blood of two dead cops on his hands, he was issuing a physical threat to both the person of the mayor and the civil authority to which the police are subordinate and sworn to protect. In a nation under the rule of law, such a statement by a representative of an armed and enflamed constabulary – 35,000-strong, the equivalent of three light infantry divisions – would trigger an immediate defensive response from the State, to guard against mutiny. But, of course, no such thing happened. When Lynch’s PBA declared, in a prepared statement, that “we have, for the first time in a number of years, become a ‘wartime’ police department” and “will act accordingly,” that constituted an instruction to union members to impose a martial law-type policing regime on the city – with no authorization other than the weapons they carry. Sounds very much like a coup. On Internet message boards, police union activists instructed the rank and file to refuse to respond to incidents unless two units were dispatched to the scene, and to double up even if given orders to the contrary. Under
this “wartime” footing, the police would simply seize the power to deploy and assign themselves, as they liked – and to hell with the chain of command and civilian authorities. To hell, especially, with Mayor de Blasio, who now travels nowhere except under the protective custody of police commissioner Bill Bratton, a “cop’s cop” and architect of the “Broken Windows” policing strategy that begat stop-and-frisk. Bratton translates de Blasio’s words into cop-speak, and has forged a tense truce between the uniformed legions and the man who won 95 percent of the Black vote on the promise to put a leash on the gendarmes. There is no doubt the cops feel betrayed – a rage that has been building in synch with the growth of a nationwide movement that challenges the legitimacy of the Mass Black Incarceration State, of which they are the frontline troops, the “heroes” in the war to criminalize and contain an entire people. The chants and placards are an insult and an indictment of THEM, and of their centrality to the racist project that has been an organizing principle of the nation for more than two generations. How is it that cops can be compelled to “protect and serve” marchers whose purpose is anathema to the American policing mission: to beat down, lock up, and extrajudicially execute dissident, disorderly, uppity or merely inconvenient Black people? The cops understand the law, and that the law is conditional, based on place, race and wealth, and that in the end there is only force, the use of which is their sacred monopoly. It’s what gives them a status that union paychecks cannot buy; what makes blue collar guys and gals “somebody” in society. Most of all, they know who is nobody: the beatable, friskable, disposable, killable folks who would be prey on any other day, but have lately been allowed to repeatedly parade down the most protected streets of the richest island in the country, screaming defamations. “The cops’ rage has been building in synch with the growth of a nationwide movement that challenges the legitimacy of the Mass Black Incarceration State, of which they are the frontline troops.” The cops are understandably angry and confused. As primary enforcers of the social order, they have an intimate knowledge of actual class and race relationships in America. Their perspectives are molded by the geographic and social boundaries they patrol; they are shaped and informed by the inequalities of the system they protect on behalf of the powerful people they serve. (Yes, they really do “serve and protect” somebody.) The cop’s worldview is also firmly anchored in the history of the United States. He may not be aware of his profession’s antecedents in the slave patrols, or even that the U.S. Supreme Court once ruled that Black people have no rights that the white man is bound to respect, but cops are the reigning experts on the borders that delineate rights and privileges in their localities. They know that public housing residents have virtually no rights that cops – as agents of the rulers – are bound to respect. They know that whole sections of their cities, encompassing most of the Black and brown populations, are designated as drug zones where everyone is suspect and probable cause is a given, or as high-crime zones where every shooting is pre-qualified as a good one. These are the Constitution-free zones, full of people who get and deserve no protection by or from the police. The very existence of Constitution-free zones means that the Bill of Rights is not the law of the land, but a Potemkin façade, a con game, a chimera – and no one knows this better than the cops, whose job is to ensure, as best they can, that everyone stays within their designated space. For about a million Black people, the assigned “space” is prison. The Mass Black Incarceration State is the edifice that defines the American system of justice, setting it apart from the rest of the world in size, racial selectivity, draconian sentencing and institutionalized torture (80,000 inmates in solitary confinement on any given day). The police are the drones that feed the infernal prison machine, and keep Black America in a state of rightlessness. As Shakespeare’s mercenary warrior Othello would put it: We “have done the state some service, and they know it.” “New York City’s police force is especially prone to mutiny and coup-plotting.” The cops threaten mutiny if the State does not stick up for the men and women who do its dirty work. PBA honcho Patrick Lynch denounced “those that incited violence on the street under the guise of protests that tried to tear down what New York City police officers did everyday. We tried to warn, ‘It must not go on. It cannot be tolerated.’” To which the protesters answer: the police killings and the criminalization of a whole people must not go on and cannot be tolerated. The movement has come to a critical juncture, a moment that would have arrived even if Ismaaiyl Brinsley had not made his own fatal decision. It was always inevitable that the cops would at some point demand that the State dispense with civil liberties pretenses and allow them to crush the nascent movement. New York City’s police force – by far the nation’s largest army of domestic occupation – is especially prone to mutiny and coup-plotting. Thousands of cops, many of them drunk, stormed City Hall in 1992 to express their utter contempt for Black mayor David Dinkins. But, the current crisis is far different, because it is the movement’s show, not the cops’. The people are exposing the most acute contradictions of American life through direct confrontation with the armed enforcers of the State. The cops are supposed to be upset. As Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. explained, “the purpose of direct action is to create a situation so crisis-packed that it will inevitably open the door to negotiation.” The crisis is here, and will grow deeper, but freedom is non-negotiable. The movement must win or be crushed. Glen Ford is a distinguished radio-show host and commentator. In 1977, Ford co-launched, produced and hosted America’s Black Forum, the first nationally syndicated Black news interview program on commercial television. In 1987, Ford launched Rap It Up, the first nationally syndicated Hip Hop music show, broadcast on 65 radio stations. Ford co-founded the Black Commentator in 2002 and in 2006 he launched the Black Agenda Report. Ford is also the author of The Big Lie: An Analysis of U.S. Media Coverage of the Grenada Invasion.Watch Record-Setting Karate God Smash 726 Bricks in 86 Seconds Kevin Taylor does not seem to be a guy you’d want to be trapped alone with in an alley. Taylor here destroys 726 bricks in a a mind-boggling 86 seconds, good enough for a world record, according to RecordSetter, which, as far as we can tell, is to records what Hydrox is to Oreos. Still, Taylor’s feat is nothing to sneeze at, especially because it may disrupt his focus and then he’ll really start kicking some butt. It’s pretty impressive and after he wrapped up this little stunt and completed all the requisite high-fives we’re guessing he may very well have set another record for most ice applied to sore hands.Posted by Mini Peiris, Vice President of Global Marketing, NetSuite Now in its fourth year, SuiteWorld is already well-known as the premier event for learning, networking and flat-out enjoying all things NetSuite. This year, based on feedback from attendees and a constant effort to improve upon the conference, we are debuting a new track called “SUITEideas Worth Sharing,” which will feature some new elements designed to inspire your creative thinking long after the dust has settled on SuiteWorld 2014. Read on for more details and make sure you’re registered to attend at www.netsuite.com/suiteworld. Ask Me Anything SuiteWorld attendees have clamored for even more in-depth, technical content and we’re bringing it with a new session format. For each day of the conference, we will be offering interactive, audience-led discussions around a specific topic. Each session will have an executive sponsor acting as moderator along with four to five NetSuite experts with deep technical expertise from our product management, development, professional services or solution consulting teams. Tuesday’s session will focus on the Suite, Wednesday’s on SuiteCommerce and Thursday’s on the SuiteCloud platform, but it is the audience that will lead the discussions. This isn’t an old-fashioned, sit around a convention hall and get lectured at by guys in suits reading prepackaged slides kind of session, but rather an interactive, rapid-fire back and forth, with relaxed seating to spur conversation and “chalk talk” space for when a picture is worth a thousand words. For each question posed by the audience, at least two NetSuite experts will weigh in on the answer. As a session attendee, you will be incented to vote on the merits of the question with prizes given to the audience member with the best question posed. So come ready to participate and pit your NetSuite Ninja skills against our best of the best! Just to show you that it’s not all NetSuite all the time, we’ve also added two lectures with top-notch speakers at innovative organizations to provide some different viewpoints that not only inform, but entertain. The session on Tuesday, May 13 at 4:30pm will tackle the topic of “Innovate or Perish! But How?” and will illuminate attendees on how organizations can foster a culture of product innovation in their business. Speakers from NetSuite customers Quirky, a social product development company that uses crowdsourcing to develop and refine inventions, and Alton Lane, a national custom tailor that is revolutionizing the way men buy suits using detailed questionnaires and a body scan, will share their experience and insight. “Brand + Technology = Success” will be the featured topic for Wednesday, May 14 at 4 p.m. and will explore how you keep a brand fresh in the digital age. This session will feature representatives from Google, who have a little experience with the digital age, and the Oakland A’s, a Major League Baseball club that NetSuite is proud to count in our customer ranks and has taken fan interaction and loyalty to a new level using social media and other technology. Come be informed, come be inspired and go home and innovate. Posted on Tue, April 29, 2014 by NetSuite filed underTuesday, April 20, 2010 Oh-Oh...somebody screwed up I think The Star says that Naza's defence division has launched a Armoured Modular Vehicle and called it the Rosomak 8x8!!! I don't think the 1st lady will be pleased with that close resemblance to her name. Especially since it is no sleek sports car but a big-assed 8x8 armoured vehicle which its manufacturer claims weighs between 18 and 26 tonnes and can withstand explosions up to 10 kg (22lb) TNT. :-) I thought we could all use a giggle.Stoke go close to beating Nelson Same situation, same result. With Accessman Stoke trailing 28-27 and just two minutes remaining at Neale Park on Saturday, second five-eighth Chad Lowrie caught himself in an agonising state of deja vu when, with a last chance of an upset victory over Galbraith Group Nelson, his angled penalty attempt soared wide of the posts. A week earlier, Lowrie also had the opportunity to kick the winning goal against Blenheim team Central in their pool A Bayleys Tasman Trophy interprovincial club rugby match at Greenmeadows. Sadly for the big No12, that kick was also astray. Nelson held on for their one-point win on Saturday to keep their unbeaten record intact for at least one more week. But ahead 28-3 after fullback Mitchell Scott had scored his second try just four minutes after the restart, Nelson's supporters sensed game over and five more handy championship points. They had already scored three converted first-half tries to lock Ben Bradley, Scott and finally to winger Vai Asomua-Goodman as Nelson headed to the break comfortably ahead 21-3. However, an inspired display of continuity and ball control by Stoke's forwards and a perplexing plague of second-half penalty concessions by Nelson almost turned the game on its head. After Nelson's backs had executed effectively in the first half on the back of an industrious forward effort, Nelson struggled to get their hands on the ball in the second as Stoke almost stole the game. Within 15 minutes, tries to first five-eighth Shawn Begg, lively No8 Tevita Koloamatangi, Lowrie and finally to lock Jarrod Aberhart suddenly had Stoke breathing down Nelson's neck with all the momentum having swung decisively their way. Lowrie's late missed penalty attempt did not end the drama, Stoke's forwards again patiently working the ball deep into Nelson territory where, ironically, Nelson were finally awarded a penalty, Nelson clearing the ball to end the match. Flanker Shane Grieve and lock James Foster were critical elements in Nelson's robust first-half forward effort, while Nelson's backs looked slick and threatening. Stoke's forwards, with Koloamatangi, Aberhart and Ray Packer again prominent, upped the tempo in the second half and displayed some remarkable control in a unified pack effort. Huia 20 Waitohi 19 New World Huia and Waitohi continued the theme of tight contests when a last-minute try secured Huia a 20-19 win over their Blenheim opponents at Sports Park Motueka. Waitohi were holding grimly to their 19-15 lead with time almost up when Huia launched a 60m counterattack from deep inside their own territory. Still 20m away from Waitohi's line, Huia moved the ball right from the ensuing ruck where blindside flanker Sione Motuapa sealed a dramatic win with his successful bid for the corner. Adding to the drama was the fact that, only moments earlier, Huia had been reduced to 14 men when second five-eighth Tila Mealoi was shown a red card for retaliation after he had been obstructed at a tap penalty attempt. But one man down, Huia still managed to work the overlap that produced the winning try. Huia had led 10-8 at halftime following a first-half try to centre Ryan Bolton, countered by a try to Waitohi's impressive No8 Manu Mataele. Huia winger Feing Fa'anoi added a second for Huia as a further try to Mataele, complemented by two second-half penalty successes to first five-eighth Daniel Hawkins, eventually pushed Waitohi clear at 19-15. But they could not hold on, Huia following their attacking instincts to steal their late win and cap an entertaining contest in which both teams attempted to move the ball. Huia were met head on by a strong Waitohi pack in a spirited contest, although with a bye next week, Huia have now lost any chance of topping the pool with only one game remaining. WOB 34 Central 29 When Rawiri Tamati landed two penalties and a superb field goal within the space of six minutes early in the second half, Central looked on track to beat Star and Garter Waimea Old Boys at Lansdowne park in Blenheim. They began the half well, playing with the breeze, and had clawed their way to a 19-17 lead at that stage, coming back from 17-10 down at halftime. However, big Waimea centre James Lowe showed his power and pace to finish a sustained move and give the visitors back the lead and the deal was virtually sealed when the Blues took a quick tap penalty inside their own 22 and Tamati's long pass was intercepted by Waimea wing-first-five Josh Rutledge and he scored, the conversion making it 34-19. To their credit, Central kept pressing and that pressure was rewarded with an intercept try to midfielder Kiti Ligaliga, converted by No8 Kaleni Taeuli. Tamati added his fourth penalty and with a couple of minutes to play Central mounted strong pressure, but a botched scrum move ruined a promising situation. Taeuli had a strong game for Central, particularly in the first half, with flanker Matt Gibson and lock Brian Utumapu both prominent. First-five Tamati used the breeze well in the second half and his goal kicking was outstanding, while veteran halfback Wayne Young played soundly and marshalled his forwards well. For Waimea, locks Tevita Cavubati and Riki Hoeata were prominent throughout, with Lowe turning in a man-of-the-match performance at centre, proving a handful for Central's defence whenever he got his hands on the ball. The Nelson MailCreated on 05-07-2008 at 00:00 AM Bayern fans who make the pilgrimage to watch public training sessions are normally rewarded with happy memories, a few snaps for the family album, and an autograph or two, but an even bigger treat was in store for the faithful who flocked to the Säbener Strasse on Saturday. Some 700 loyal fans witnessed the first – and highly unofficial – warm-up match of the Jürgen Klinsmann era. A 45-minute meeting between the first team and the reserves ended 2-2, Toni Kroos and trialist Joseph Ngwenya twice handing the seniors the lead, only for Daniel Sikorski to strike two equalisers for the second string. The decision to stage a more or less formal match against the reserves had been a conscious one, Klinsmann revealed to fcbayern.de, “because we want them to feel strongly linked to us.“ Klinsmann in charge The real priority lay elsewhere, the head coach continued. “After a week in which we’ve performed a lot of passing exercises in a confined space, we wanted the players to get the feel of the full pitch again.“ The match was also intended to develop the players’ on-field understanding, Klinsmann said, as he watched his men turn in a pacy display with an emphasis on early pressing. Klinsmann spent the 45 minutes at the heart of the action, generally taking up an observation position behind the back four, from which he gave directions, encouraged the players and handed out words of praise. He occasionally whistled play to a halt, proceeding to explain or analyse certain situations which had arisen. Over on the touchline, second assistant coach Nick Theslof kept up a watching brief as he tracked the positions taken up by the forwards. After just under a week back at Bayern, Klinsmann declared himself satisfied following the initial warm-up match. “The whole week’s been very positive. The players have been very passionate and enthusiastic,“ he reported, “there’s a spirit of harmony coming together.“ That applies to the loyal fans too, as Klinsmann and his men once again handed out autographs by the score after the session. First team line-up: Rensing - Lell, Breno, Van Buyten, Ekici - Sosa, Ottl, Van Bommel, Kroos - Ngwenya, MüllerA new anatomy of the retirement process in Japan In Japan, retirement is a gradual process that transpires over a particularly long period of time. Using large scale micro-level datasets from the Survey of Employment of the Elderly compiled by the Japanese government, we provide some stylized facts on the development of retirement behavior since the 1980s and explore factors affecting the individual retirement decision. First, we observed a general declining trend in the proportion of retired individuals aged 55–59 (especially females) while the proportion of retired individuals aged 65–69 (especially males) increased. Second, the survival analysis on actual retirement age shows that those who are more educated are more likely to retire earlier and those who experienced mandatory retirement are less likely. Third, the survival analysis on the expected retirement age shows that individuals who are satisfied with their job in terms of nonmonetary rewards are less likely to retire earlier. Please report citation or reference errors to , or , if you are the registered author of the cited work, log in to your RePEc Author Service profile, click on "citations" and make appropriate adjustments.: - Shimizutani, Satoshi & Oshio, Takashi, 2009. "New Evidence on Initial Transition from Career Job to Retirement in Japan," PIE/CIS Discussion Paper 430, Center for Intergenerational Studies, Institute of Economic Research, Hitotsubashi University. - Alan L. Gustman & Olivia S. Mitchell & Thomas L. Steinmeier, 1995. "Retirement Measures in the Health and Retirement Study," Journal of Human Resources, University of Wisconsin Press, vol. 30, pages s57-s83. - Satoshi Shimizutani & Izumi Yokoyama, 2006. "Has Japan's Long-term employment Practice Survived? New Evidence Emerging Since the 1990s," Hi-Stat Discussion Paper Series d06-182, Institute of Economic Research, Hitotsubashi University. - Satoshi Shimizutani & Izumi Yokoyama, 2009. "Has Japan's Long-Term Employment Practice Survived? Developments since the 1990S," ILR Review, Cornell University, ILR School, vol. 62(3), pages 313-326, April. - Takashi Oshio & Satoshi Shimizutani & Akiko Sato Oishi, 2010. "Does Social Security Induce Withdrawal of the Old from the Labor Force and Create Jobs for the Young? The Case of Japan," NBER Chapters,in: Social Security Programs and Retirement around the World: The Relationship to Youth Employment, pages 217-241 National Bureau of Economic Research, Inc. - Oshio, Takashi & Shimizutani, Satoshi & Sato Oishi, Akiko, 2008. "Does Social Security Induce Withdrawal of the Old from the Labor Force and Create Jobs for the Young?: The Case of Japan," PIE/CIS Discussion Paper 408, Center for Intergenerational Studies, Institute of Economic Research, Hitotsubashi University. - Lumsdaine, Robin L. & Mitchell, Olivia S., 1999. "New developments in the economic analysis of retirement," Handbook of Labor Economics,in: O. Ashenfelter & D. Card (ed.), Handbook of Labor Economics, edition 1, volume 3, chapter 49, pages 3261-3307 Elsevier. - Robin L. Lumsdaine & Olivia S. Mitchell, "undated". "New Developments in the Economic Analysis of Retirement," Pension Research Council Working Papers 98-8, Wharton School Pension Research Council, University of Pennsylvania. - Takashi Oshio & Akiko Sato Oishi & Satoshi Shimizutani, 2011. "Social Security Reforms And Labour Force Participation Of The Elderly In Japan," The Japanese Economic Review, Japanese Economic Association, vol. 62(2), pages 248-271, 06. - Oshio, Takashi & Sato Oishi, Akiko & Shimizutani, Satoshi, 2008. "Social Security Reforms and Labor Force Participation of the Elderly in Japan," PIE/CIS Discussion Paper 407, Center for Intergenerational Studies, Institute of Economic Research, Hitotsubashi University. - Rebick Marcus E., 1995. "Rewards in the Afterlife: Late Career Job Placements as Incentives in the Japanese Firm," Journal of the Japanese and International Economies, Elsevier, vol. 9(1), pages 1-28, March. - ICHIMURA Hidehiko & SHIMIZUTANI Satoshi & HASHIMOTO Hideki, 2009. "JSTAR First Results 2009 Report," Discussion papers 09047, Research Institute of Economy, Trade and Industry (RIETI). - Ruhm, Christopher J, 1990. "Bridge Jobs and Partial Retirement," Journal of Labor Economics, University of Chicago Press, vol. 8(4), pages 482-501, October. - John P. Rust, 1989. "A Dynamic Programming Model of Retirement Behavior," NBER Chapters,in: The Economics of Aging, pages 359-404 National Bureau of Economic Research, Inc. - John Rust, 1987. "A Dynamic Programming Model of Retirement Behavior," NBER Working Papers 2470, National Bureau of Economic Research, Inc.What’s on this Weekend... Happy Friday! With Christmas nearing ever closer (15 days and counting, girls!) the city is coming alive and we
are feeling full of seasonal cheer. So this weekend, why not round up some of your friends and check out some festive events in the city? From dressing up and drinking for SantaCon, to enjoying a good old fashioned Panto, to checking out the Christmas Varietea show, there’s something for everyone... It’s that time of year again, the annual SantaCon is back! This Saturday, prepare to see the streets of Honkers flooded with hundreds of Santas. As the ultimate parade of festive cheer, don your Santa hat and grab some friends for the perfect excuse to get in the festive spirit and to hit up some of your fave bars along the way! When: Saturday, 10 December, 11am – 11pm Where: All over HK! How much: Free to join, just be sure to bring some cash for drinks along the way! Another event to get you well and truly in the festive spirit (and to have you laughing for days!), get down to the Kellett Theatre and enjoy the Hong Kong Players’ annual Christmas panto. The panto is a HK Christmas tradition that’s been running for over 50 years, and this year’s performance of The Snow Queen will be an extravaganza of song, dance and jokes that everyone will enjoy (even the Scrooges out there!). When: Sunday, 11 December – Sunday, 18 December Where: Kellett Theatre, Kellett School, Kowloon Bay, Hong Kong How much: Tickets start from $250 – make sure to get yours here! TGIF! To celebrate the end of the week, spend your Friday night dancing to salsa beats, latin pop and so much more. Get down to the one of our favourite tropical bars, Mahalo Tiki Lounge, and take advantage of the beautiful terrace. enjoy some amazing cocktails and dance the night away to pumpin’ tunes from DJ SalsaGodfather. When: Friday, 9 December, 10:30pm – 2am Where: Mahalo Tiki Lounge, 29/F, QRE Plaza, 202 Queens Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong How much: $120 per person (includes one drink). Comedy HK returns with a night packed full of comedy, music and poetry. This time they are teaming up with Amnesty International to put on a great show for a great cause; giving you even more of an excuse to celebrate this Christmas with them! When: Saturday, 10 December, 8pm – 11pm Where: Hong Kong Brew House, Basement, 19 D’Aguilar Street, Central, Hong Kong How much: Pay what you like! With 10% of proceeds going to Amnesty International. Are you a budding entrepreneur or fashion designer keen to grow your network and share ideas with like minded individuals? Then make sure to check out Startup Weekend Fashion; a global network of passionate leaders and entrepreneurs – helping you to come together for the weekend long workshop to share ideas, form teams, and launch startups. The 1905 Film Festival aims to raise awareness of human rights issues in Hong Kong and Mainland China through film screenings, discussions and debates with filmmakers and activists. For the festival’s debut in HK, they are looking for volunteers to help with the organisation and screening of international films, addressing issues such as labour rights, LGBT and women’s rights – sign up here if you’re interested!I was just reading two related articles on technology integration in the classrooms with the use of 1 to 1 tablets. A very interesting read about how Technology Integration may fail without the proper management of these critical success factors. We all know that Apple apps are interesting and engaging in the classroom, however the LAUSD iPad experience provides valuable learning lessons for us. Besides the bidding process, the planning and implementation of the LAUSD iPad also ran into amok. Some questions for us to ponder about before a TI. 1) Visioning - was the vision communicated well and clearly to all stakeholders? 2) Top-down strategies - was it a case of top-down call or were there programme owners who OWNed it? 3) Training - how comfortable are users with the platform? is a one-off training adequate? 4) Control versus Risk-Taking - do we trust our students enough that they will use the platform for educational purposes or are we imposing so many restrictions on them because we are afraid that they will hack into our systems? 5) Parents' Concerns - how do we address parents' concerns and insecurities of using technology as a replacement for pen and paper homework? Read the 2 articles here: 1. The LAUSD iPad Initiative: 5 Critical Technology Integration Lessons 2. Engaging Parents with Tech InitiativesAzusa Pacific University Hosts Educator Hiring Fair Azusa Pacific University’s School of Education invites current students, alumni, and the public to attend its annual Educator Hiring Fair, connecting schools, districts, and other education-related employers with those seeking jobs in the field. Last year, more than 75 employers from across Southern California were represented at the event, and a similar turnout is expected this year. The Educator Hiring Fair takes place on Sat., March 11, in the Felix Event Center, located on Azusa Pacific’s West Campus, at 701 E. Foothill Blvd., in Azusa. The fair is open to APU students and alumni from 9 a.m.-12 p.m. and to the public from 10:30 a.m.-12 p.m. There is not cost to attend. Register by March 9 by visiting apu.edu/education/. “Hosting the Educator Hiring Fair enables APU to showcase our students and programs to districts and private schools seeking to fill key educator roles, including classroom teachers, school counselors and psychologists, and school/district leaders,” said Anita Henck, School of Education dean and professor. “We have a solid track record of student and alumni placements through these events, including on-the-spot hiring, as well as call-backs for final interviews.” According to the California Teacher’s Association, about a third of teachers are nearing retirement and California will need an additional 100,000 teachers over the next decade. California’s demand for new math and science teachers in the next 10 years is expected to be over 33,000 and the current rate of teacher production in the state cannot come close to meeting that need. The School of Education at Azusa Pacific University equips teachers and administrators for excellence and leadership in educational settings. Offering comprehensive graduate education degrees, the school provides an Ed.D. program and accredited teaching credential and master’s programs, including degrees in special education, school psychology, physical education, educational leadership, and educational technology.Welcome to EMRO's Vet Clinic! Operating since summer 2007, EMRO has employed a team of Veterinarians at the EMRO Vet Clinic who provide full-time vet services to the EMRO cats, as well as to the surrounding community. Our Veterinarians normally work two shifts daily, from 10:00 AM to 4:00 PM, and 4:00 PM to 10:00 PM (10:00-10:00 daily coverage). Our current Veterinarians include: Dr. Hazem Sheriff (Assistant Manager), Dr. Mahmoud, and training veterinarians. Mr. Hamido is in charge of EMRO’s Animal Handlers and is Chief Groomer. Usually, one or more of the animal handlers remains overnight. Our Shelter and Office Manager is Mr. Mostafa Nagy. We only have one part-time Administrator, Ms. Orchid. EMRO can now provide services of an X-ray Mini-lab. This very-welcomed piece of equipment will allow our vets to view possible internal injuries sustained by an animal before it is necessary to operate. EMRO’s Vet Services provide full medical services for your small animal pets (dogs and cats): Operations (spay, neuter, eye, and other), Vaccinations (combo and rabies), Wound care, Deworming, Ear mite and Ringworm treatments. General examinations are available along with Teeth Cleaning, Grooming, Travel Certification for pets leaving the country, Microchips, Diet recommendations, as well as FIV/FeLV testing and Rabies blood testing (for E.U. and UK countries). Medical advice for other animals are available as well. Limited home visits in Mokattam are also available at competitive prices. Discounts, such as for initial visits from adopted shelter cats, may also available. Boarding is available at the shelter, as well as isolation quarters for any pet suffering ringworm, ear mites, etc., and/or requiring regular short-term treatment. For more information on hours, rates, and location, please contact the EMRO HQ office in Al Mokattam, Cairo: +202-2507-6946. The EMRO Veterinarian Clinic is open 7 days a week, with expanded hours of 10:00 AM to 10:00 PM, daily. Traveling out of Cairo with your Pet? There are certain rules and procedures that you must follow in order to take your pet with you when you travel out of Egypt. To view these guidelines, read our "Pet Travel Information" by clicking on this icon . Left to Right: Front door of EMRO leading to HQ office and vet clinic. Note stray cat (half Mau) awaiting supper! Middle: EMRO building, where the clinic and HQ are on the bottom (main) floor. Boarding is also on the first floor. EMRO's larger sign in front of building. Right: EMRO's new sign, larger view, as of 2014. The EMRO Pet Store - EMRO Pet Shop (click on picture for larger image.) At the EMRO Pet Shop store, located in the shelter/clinic office, customers may find such items as Tidy Cat Kitty Litter, cat baskets, cat toys, cat carriers, book, cat chow, dog chow, and many other items for your pets at a competitive price. (Please Note: Currently, and due to the state of affiars in Egypt, the supplies are quite limited. Check with EMRO about supplies available). EMRO Vet Flyers in English and Arabic -A Secret Weapon For ebay in sri lankaMake sure you incorporate me on your list of favorite sellers and are available again. I supply a huge range of guides and music additionally masses of other goods. It might be challenging for you to come across a single which will operate in Sri Lanka. I might recommend that you simply check out to locate a Merchant Account, Most likely via your bank. Quantities shown in italicised text are for merchandise outlined in forex other than Euros and they are approximate conversions to Euros primarily based on Bloomberg's conversion rates. For More moderen exchange costs, be sure to use the Universal Currency Converter Groups are an incredible spot to attach with other Neighborhood users who share comparable interests. Give guidance, share info, and hook up with fellow members. Build or be part of a gaggle these days! Yay! You happen to be now following sri lanka inside your eBay Feed.You'll receive email alerts For brand spanking new listings. Ebay mentioned it experienced tied up with Sri Lanka's HelloCorp to bring in new sellers, as retail export profits form the island have began to expand, Regardless of the lack of remittance expert services such as Paypal. Latif said in many international locations governments experienced assisted 'lower friction' for online transactions and he predicted development in the area in Sri Lanka too. Welcome to my eBay Keep. Remember to incorporate me to the list of preferred sellers and go to usually. Thank you for your enterprise. Welcome to my eBay Shop. Please increase me towards your list of favourite sellers and visit frequently. Thank you for your online business. You should register you account on the right website in your nation and you should read The principles and policies for the right website...and you'll want to set you payments in accordance with the acceptable payments plan for that web site. Welcome to Aged Postcards. Thanks for seeking; if you decide to obtain we can guarantee you of our best attention constantly. All postcards despatched out in specific completely new protecting sleeves in a b... Featuring A variety More hints of classic postcards moreover collectable and uncommon textbooks including children's textbooks, military publications and antiquarian. Also offering intriguing ephemera, photos and collectables I do think Sri Vidya Rajgopalan has supplied the right response. But the Answer is quite lengthy. Let me demonstrate you To put it briefly. Ram developed a Bridge as opposed to ship for the reason that he considered, if from the war with Ravana far more army of Varana is required then It will probably be see this straightforward to provide reinforcement by way of a Bridge Than to send ship. Carol · two months back my response 0 Incorporate my Store in your Favourites and receive my email newsletters about new objects and special promotions! Information regarding NEW Problems despatched to subscribers for their decided on countries.Here you will find the most recent edition of the Principal’s Newsletter. This quarterly publication includes important information from the Parents Association, Dads Club, Guidance and College Counseling, and upcoming Athletic & Extracurricular events at LHWHS. The publication is sent to every parent electronically. If you would like a hard copy mailed home, please click here. The staff at LHWHS looks forward to another great year in working with your students.Saturday, February 5, 2011 Whimsy Stamps February Rubber Release-Sneak Peek Day 2 Hello welcome to my blog today I have some Whimsy Stamps sneak peek inspiration day two! Today we are sneak peeking images from Meljens Designs upcoming collection of stamps! Meljen's Designs will be releasing three new images and they are all fantastic! Today I've used Balloon Mouse. Isn't he just adorable hanging from the balloon? I colored my image with Copic Markers, I added glass effect on the balloon for a shiny look. I stamped the plain manila tag with Music Notes available at Whimsy Stamps. My ticket sentiment is also from Whimsy, these are the Friendship ticket Sentiments and of course I used the ticket Die for a perfect cut!!Download Full Text (1.1 MB) This lesson introduces youth to thinking critically about wolves in Yellowstone National Park (YNP) while looking to resources to build their understanding of ecological and conservation issues. Science and Mathematics Education Schulte, Kristen and Houseal, Ana K., "06. Ecological Relationships Lesson #5: WOLF REINTRODUCTION" (2014). Yellowstone Youth Conservation Corps (YCC) Resource Education Curriculum (REC) 2014. 6.Monday night Emily came home with this....................... This is her basketball cheer uniform, I didn't get a picture of her football cheer uniform. Right now she has practices 2 times a week and in 7 weeks she has her first football game. Cheer camp was in June down at SPU and the girls had a blast! This is her cheer camp outfit. She says it's a really fun group of girls and everyone gets along really well so there shouldn't be any "drama" :-) Yes, my baby girl is growing up - way too quickly!! I'm looking forward to going to games (the basketball more than the football cuz' I love watching indoor sports :-)!!!Total washout in Pakistan practice game Pakistan's one and only practice match was eventually abandoned after discussion between the two captains. Despite a break in the monsoon rains, which would have allowed some play in the afternoon, the Pakistan opted for a game of football followed by a practice session on the square. The players didn't appear to be too disappointed by the washout of the game and are probably glad to have an opportunity to rest after such a congested and tiring schedule in the past few months. With the BCCSL elections dominating the Sri Lankan cricket at the moment the Pakistan cricketers have been able to relax away from the limelight. They will be waiting with interest to see the Sri Lankan team, which is to be announced tomorrow morning. The team has been selected by an entirely different selection committee and is expected to include Arjuna Ranatunga and Aravinda De Silva. The selectors will be announcing a squad of sixteen players, all of whom will leave their homes and booking into the team hotel tomorrow. Whether they will actually be playing much cricket over the next few weeks is in the hands of the gods.Smoke-free workplaces could become reality It could happen, as an anti-smoking organization earlier this month won the second round in its lawsuit against OSHA over the issue of smoking in the workplace. Specifically, the U.S. Court of Appeals ordered OSHA to provide it with a timetable for concluding a rulemaking proceeding to ban smoking in virtually all workplaces. OSHA must respond by December 13. The rule includes all offices, stores, shopping malls, restaurants and even bars. The lawsuit by Action on Smoking and Health (ASH) argued that OSHA unreasonably delayed in acting to protect American workers from secondhand tobacco smoke, and in adopting a rule it proposed in 1994 to ban smoking in virtually all U.S. workplaces. The unanimous court order comes four months after the court refused OSHA's request that ASH's legal action be dismissed and ordered the agency to respond to ASH's allegations of unlawful delay and needless deaths. When OSHA originally proposed the workplace smoking ban rule more than six years ago - in response to an earlier lawsuit by ASH - it estimated that the rule would save almost 8,000 lives a year. OSHA allowed the issue to become dormant because of heavy opposition to it. Most states do not currently prohibit smoking in workplaces. OSHA also argued that banning restaurant smoking might not be feasible. But ASH noted to the court that California, Maryland and a number of other states and localities have successfully banned smoking in restaurants. ASH's lawsuit sought to require OSHA to act on its proposed rule within 90 days of the court's order. It appears the court will review the timetable OSHA is now being required to prepare before deciding if and when to order OSHA to act on its rule to ban workplace smoking.Wow, it’s been a long time since I last shared with you the secrets to becoming a social media guru. In it, I shared some top tips on how you can climb to the giddy heights of social media guru ... click here to read more Many of you have been asking for a list of the videos that we used at The Big Social Media Conference throughout the two days, so we have put together this handy list for you! In no particular order, here are ... click here to read more As many of you probably will be, I am subscribed to quite a lot of email newsletters in an attempt to keep my fingers on the pulse of many of my interests. Having said that, I doubt I pay attention ... click here to read more Does the below statement sound familiar to you? “I don’t understand why our followers aren’t converting into sales, we’ve spent a lot of time building our network but they aren’t buying from us!” It does? Ok, if you are a business active ... click here to read more According to the latest Weber Shandwick research, CEOs have found their social footing in 2015. Previous research completed by Weber Shandwick showed that the main barriers preventing Chief Executives from being ‘social’ were the fact that it is unusual for ... click here to read more It’s no secret that social media platforms are directly linked with human emotion. We might feel intense joy at the announcement of a friend’s engagement on Facebook; profound sadness at the news of tragic misfortune on Twitter; sheer happiness at ... click here to read more The Big Social Media Conference came to a close last week after two jam-packed days of social media information sharing and networking. Held at The Point; Lancashire County Cricket Club’s £12M conference and events venue, the conference was the first of ... click here to read more Content marketing. It’s just a buzzword, right? A fad. It’ll be vogueish for five minutes and then fade away, along with inbound marketing, engagement marketing, omni-channel retailing, growth-hacking, sentiment-surfing, buzz alchemy, vibe butchery, hashtag evangelism and anything that isn’t either ... click here to read more The Labour Party “liked” Buzzfeed on Facebook; the Lib Dems “liked” Russell Brand. Those facts alone were enough to suggest the 2015 General Election was going to be like no other before it. Political polls of Britain were bisected no ... click here to read more Social media helps Nepal Earthquake survivors In the aftermath of the Nepal earthquake, social media and other technology operators have come to the aid of those affected. Facebook has enabled its ‘Safety Check’ feature, making it easier for people to check that ... click here to read more Social media campaign ideas are a challenge for all businesses. Conjuring up a concept that is unique, enticing and has a clear Call to Action for your audience is no small feat! With the whirr and buzz of big brands ... click here to read more Facebook to start offering video ads Despite shares in Facebook crashing following the release of its Q1 earnings last week, Facebook is reportedly ‘excited’ about the potential of video ads. Narrowly missing Wall Street’s expectations, the social media giant took $3.54bn ... click here to read more When it comes to marketing your B2B business in 2015, social media is a must. Through social media marketing, businesses can build a base of loyal fans, showcase their credibility and help retain customers. Our latest infographic from our friends over ... click here to read more Whether you are working on maximising your brand awareness or developing your own personal brand; credibility and authority are two fundamental aspects of your journey. In order to achieve your branding goals, you may want to look at 5 attributes that ... click here to read more With the continued rise of social media use by customers and consumers along with more emerging platforms, it is vital that brands have an active presence. However the task of updating, monitoring and reporting on the ever increasing interactions can ... click here to read more Surely you’ve heard that social media is the way to market your business and connect with your audience. All that trust-building and personal communication that can help your brand’s image and influence. Too bad you don’t have any time for ... click here to read more Towards the end of 2014, we concluded an online survey of businesses across multiple industries – from marketing to pharma, and from utilities to public sector. We wanted to get an understanding of how these types of companies approached their ... click here to read more When many companies create social media accounts, they seem to view it as a numbers game. How many followers and fans do I have? How many fans liked my last status? While it’s good to have plenty of followers, social media ... click here to read more The Battle Is For The Interface... Tom Goodwin, senior vice president of strategy and innovation at Havas Media, published a brilliant article in Techcrunch this week, “The Battle is For the Customer Interface”. He explains ... Uber, the world’s largest taxi company, ... click here to read moreMarking time on the Hockley Viaduct Press Release: 24/09/2013 Admirers of Hockley Viaduct will know that it had to be stripped of a mass of tangled wildflowers during its recent restoration. The roots were causing damage to the structure, and enabling water to flood inside the cement core. But those who have walked or cycled across in recent days will have noticed that the flowers are making a return... Hampshire artist Nicola Henshaw has just decorated the track-bed with drifting dandelion clocks. This is the first step in a project commissioned by Winchester City Council, designed to share the stories of the Viaduct with a wider audience. The dandelion clocks were inspired by schoolgirl Becky Witheman from Compton All Saints Primary School. Taking part in an open-air workshop with three other Year 6 students at the end of last term, Becky was recording her impressions of the sights, sounds and smells of the natural landscape around the Viaduct. She wrote: “Dandelions are gliding across the Viaduct, I reach for them but miss every time.” Nicola Henshaw said: Dandelion clocks are very much associated with time passing, and they seemed to fit well with the Viaduct which conjures up memories of an older time in Winchester. I decided to paint some on the track-bed with road-marking paint to give it a softer look, and to amuse walkers and cyclists. Around 100 people passed me on my first day of painting, and I had a very positive response. Meanwhile, at a public meeting in Compton and Shawford Village Hall last week, Nicola outlined the rest of her ideas for a series of waymarkers, benches and information panels extending from the South Park and Ride Car Park up to City B
ridge in the centre of Winchester. This stretch of National Cycle Network Route 23 will be known as Viaduct Way, and will be clearly delineated with carved wooden features reflecting the setting, the history and the character of the structure. Hand-made in Hampshire oak and forged steel, the features will appear gradually over the coming months. The designs are based on shadow puppets made by the children of All Saints Highcliffe Primary School in July, when Nicola worked with them to create short performances of a series of stories about the Viaduct. The stories themselves had been recorded by Nicola during a local Age UK lunch club, working with bags of objects, pictures and writings gathered at the open-air workshop that dandelion poet Becky attended. Cllr Victoria Weston, Winchester City Council’s Portfolio Holder for the Built Environment, said: This is a lovely project and I feel very privileged to have been involved right from the start with the refurbishment of the Viaduct which is already much-loved and well-used. These enhancements will add interest and fun for anyone walking and cycling along the Viaduct. Nicola has harnessed the imagination and knowledge of local people in conjuring up her designs, and they were very well-received at our public meeting. I am grateful to Hampshire County Council, the Environment Agency and the Friends of Hockley Viaduct for providing the funding for this work.Originally Posted: March 21, 2017 This is an excerpt from a DMagazine article posted on March 21. You can read the full article here: https://www.dmagazine.com/frontburner/2017/03/what-will-happen-to-dallas-dreamers-daca-trump-dream-act/ What Will Happen to North Texas’ Dreamers? Five undocumented Dallasites share how former President Obama’s immigration order, DACA, impacted their lives, what’s wrong with it, and what they’ll do if it’s eliminated. JOSÉ MANUEL SANTOYO, 25 Violence brought José Manuel Santoyo to the United States. His mother fled the state of Michoacán with Jose and his three siblings in 2001. This was about five years before Mexican President Felipe Calderon formally declared war on the cartels, sending nearly 7,000 soldiers to battle them in Santoyo’s home region. “People all around me were getting killed,” he says. “My mother didn’t want us to be in that environment.” His senior year, his luck changed. At a career fair, he learned that he could, indeed, go to college. In 2001, Texas became the first state to allow non-citizens who’d been a resident here for at least three years to pay in-state tuition rates at public colleges. While this is now contested in Austin (with Bedford state Rep. Jonathan Stickland being its loudest detractor, arguing that it’s attracting undocumented immigrants to the state), it once shared bipartisan support. When he ran for president in 2011, former Gov. Rick Perry even fired a shot across the bow toward those who disagreed with the law: “I don’t think you have a heart,” he said to the law’s opponents. Santoyo turned his attention back to his studies, and he was eventually accepted to Southern Methodist University. He came to Dallas in 2013 and graduated last December with a double major in Human Rights and Spanish. He’s now pursuing his master’s at SMU, likely a double concentration in Human Rights and Organizational Management. He’s gotten involved with the North Texas Dream Team, advocating alongside Luna for pro-immigration policies. He knows it nearly wasn’t like this. He grew up in poverty, watching his relatives work construction. He himself logged jobs in factories and fast food shops, the type of low-skill gigs that put undocumented immigrants at risk of being taken advantage of. But it’s all there is for employment. Like so many others, DACA put Santoyo on the record. He remembers that day in 2012, when he watched Obama walk down those three steps to the podium in the Rose Garden and announced his executive order. “Just knowing that that was going to be something I could apply for, that obviously took a huge weight off my shoulders and the burden and expectation that I wasn’t going to be able to do much with my life,” he said. “I’ve seen how much (immigrants) have been able to accomplish because of DACA and how much they’ve been able to contribute, not only to their families and for their own survival, but to the movement in general because of the positions we can be in now.” Now, every day since Trump became president, Santoyo says he anxiously checks the news to make sure the executive order is still in place. And so far, it is. But he’s also focused on his future, on what would happen if that goes away. He’s begun thinking about the things that can and can’t be taken away from him here. And that’s why he’s enrolled in a master’s program. “This administration,” he says, “they could take away DACA and whatever documents we have right now, but they can’t take away our education.” READ MOREHello! I’m Alexandra from the blog Little Bookling at http://littlebookling.wordpress.com and I’m guest reviewing today! Yay it’s a party! So I just finished The Night Circus by Erin Morgenstern and wow! That book is so good! It is the perfect blend of science and magic which makes you think hmm this could actually happen. Before I continue this review you probably want to know what the book is about right? The Night Circus is a tale about a girl and a boy who fall impossibly in love. But it’s so much more! Morgenstern is a master of imagery and while reading I could taste the treats she describes the character eating and smell the caramel apples she describes the characters eating. I wished I could have been at the midnight dinners and everyone of the dresses worn by any character I could picture in my head. I only give the book 4 stars though because the ending was kinda blah. You know the saying that goes something like it’s the journey that counts not the destination? Well that’s what The Night Circus was for me. I loved the plot and how the whole circus was built around a game. It intrigued me. However, I felt like the ending did not do the book justice as the book is so much more than a love story like the cover claims. The imagery almost made up for the ending because I felt like I was in the circus and had visited each tent. I ached while reading this for it to be real. Ugh I wish it was real! Read this book! It is overall marvelous and I think anyone who wishes to be transported to a different world full of mystery and suspense will adore it. This is kinda off topic but I think for my sweet 16 I’m going to have a midnight dinner theme based off this book. Anyway thank you so much Eileen for letting me write a review for you! Come check out the review Eileen did on my blog! Bye Bye baby books!!Next Item on Social Partners' Agenda: Labour Market Reform Ljubljana, 20 May - Fresh from reaching an agreement on austerity measures, the social partners will resume talks next week on a new social pact for the 2012-2016 period. One of the principal topics in the talks will be labour market reform. The rest of this news item is available to subscribers. The news item consists of 2.884 characters (without spaces) or 530 words words. Buy the news item. Price: 2 tokens; on account: 0 tokens.So, at the end of this week, whether you base it on my calculations or the ultrasounds, I’ll be officially out of the first trimester. Despite the fact that I was already ‘4 weeks’ in to it when I got those 2 lines, it felt like an actual lifetime. In the spirit of sharing, and considering I learnt the most about this strange process our bodies go through from friends and people who’ve been there, done that and worn the tshirt, here are my nuggets of wisdom: 1. You might not need a pregnancy test to tell you you’re pregnant So many people I’ve spoken to knew they were pregnant before the test confirmed it. The moment I knew it, I was in Falmouth, scraping burny bits off a piece of toast when the smell went up my nose and I suspected that I (as a non-vomity person) might just throw up all over the poor piece of toast. At that point, I cut down on the wine and waited for the pregnancy test a week later to confirm what I already knew. 2. Eating helps with nausea My pre-pregnancy experience of feeling sick involved abstaining from everything except water, lying down in a dark place and feeling sorry for myself. Eventually, when I felt better, trying a slice of bread and butter to test the waters. Nope. Does not work with pregnancy. Being too hungry makes you feel sick. Being too full makes you feel sick. Being too hot makes you feel sick. The thought of cleaning the bathroom makes you feel sick, etc. So, you gradually learn to leave the house with enough snacks to last a fortnight, and slowly graze throughout the day on whatever you can stomach, even though eating might be literally the last thing on the planet you want to do. If that means that toast forms most of your daily intake of food, then so be it. You can eat some carrots when you’re feeling more human. 3. Do all the sleeps At first, I fought the urge to nap because it was a bit...predictable. But sooner rather than later, I went over to the dark side and have never looked back. There has to be some kickback from getting up 28 times a night for a wee. I only wish there was somewhere at work I could get my head down for 20 minutes, then I would be quite literally, living the dream. The fatigue is allegedly going to go away in the second trimester. Yep, still waiting for that one. Yawn. 4. Holy mother of bloat I’ve been rocking the baggy top look since week 4, and maternity jeans from week 10. I have no regrets. I might not have a bump to put in them, but there’s no doubting I’ve become all thick about my middle. Now I’ve made the leap, I’m not sure I’m ever going to go back to normal trousers. Buttons and jeans are SUCH a FAFF. 5. You will not have a bump like they do on the internet Each week on reddit, people post pictures of their adorable bumps. I’m most interested in the people who are closest in gestation to me. Why do they have a perfectly formed bump? Where is mine? Why is the world so unfair? etc. My bump grows and shrinks depending on: - how much food I’ve eaten - how much I need a wee - how much I stick it out I’ve come to the conclusion that these people with their actual round bellies might JUST be sticking it out a tad. 6. Pregnancy rears her ugly head in some weird and wonderful ways Pretty much anything that happens to you during pregnancy can be blamed on the bump. Great skin? Pregnancy glow. Terrible skin? Blame the pregnancy hormones. Eating Maltesers for breakfast? Baby’s craving them. Looking a bit porky? It doesn’t matter if you are the grand total of 4 weeks pregnant, that is BABY WEIGHT DAMNIT. 7. They give you an ACTUAL ‘get out of jail free’ card Somewhere around week 10, the lovely people at the NHS sent me a little credit card shaped thing that says three beautiful little words ‘Maternity’, ‘Exemption’, ‘Card’. This magical thing gives you free prescriptions and dentists appointment, but I find it more beneficial to whop it out in times of desperate need, e.g. - Ran out of biscuits - Missed the bus to work - Need moar pillows - Don’t want to do [insert task here] And the great news is, it’s valid for a year after you give birth! *rubs hands together with glee*This recipe came from the Friendly Freezer Yahoo Group .. I looked for an on line source but could not find it. It looks like the perfect recipe to put in the freezer in the summer for use later. Welcome to Freezer Food Friday. Today I have a main dish recipe that can be prepared ahead and frozen to be used later. Please share a recipe on your blog and link it below using Mr Linky ( if Mr Linky is misbehaving... leave a link in the comments. Please take a moment to leave a comment if you find this meme helpful! 6 cups corn, freshly cut off the cob 1 stick (8 tablespoons) butter (not margarine) 1 (15 oz.) can evaporated milk Place all ingredients in electric skillet. Heat to simmer. Continue simmering for 45 minutes or until sauce is the consistency you desire. Cool, bag, label, and freeze.Honestly, I was pretty confused after watching the first two episodes of Show. I’m certain every single character here has some kind of psychological problems (heck, don’t we all). I was in love with Writer Noh Hee Kyung‘s The World They Live In, for the dialogue is really good and witty, and it’s such an unassuming love story that it will always have a special place in my heart. The dialogue here is clever as well, a trademark of Writer Noh. It’s fast-flying and the tone light. We’re thrown deep into the story with very little exposition (except for Jo In Sung‘s Jang Jae Yeol), knowing only the main characters either have some psychological problems, or are psychiatrists themselves, or both. Gong Hyo Jin plays the role of Ji Hae Soo, a no-nonsense psychiatrist to her junior doctors, but is actually a person who parties hard. She has fear of having intimate relationships with men, but is currently seeing a TV program PD because she feels different around him. On the other hand, Jae Yeol is a bestselling author, whose books often explore human relationships and crime. We know he has an older brother who believes Jae Yeol is the one who killed their father, and 26 months prior to the current timeline in Show, Older Bro (Yang Ik Joon) was released from jail. He beelines for Jae Yeol’s birthday party and freaking stabbed him with a fork (?!). The brothers have a strange relationship, because Jae Yeol calls his brother in jail, and they two just have a seriously nonchalant chat of murderous threats. I’m amused. Hae Soo stays in a share house with another psychiatrist Jo Dong Min (Sung Dong Il) and a Tourette Syndrome patient Park Soo Kwang (Lee Kwang Soo). Synopsis says Dong Min is Hae Soo’s first love, but it has not been explained in the first two episodes. Jae Yeol joins them at the share house, because he has to abandon his own apartment due to an ongoing lawsuit with his (ex-)girlfriend Lee Pool Yip (Yoon Jin Yi), who accuses Jae Yeol of copying her book. There’s alot going on there, for 26 months ago they were a loving couple (or rather, I feels she loves him more), and it appears that Jae Yeol’s manager is betraying him and is on Pool Yip’s side. And back to Hae Soo’s backstory, she was traumatised since young after seeing her Mom cheating on her Dad, which results in her fear of physical intimacy with men. She’s dating the TV program PD, who is actually cheating on her, and the cheating couple was caught in the act by Jae Yeol. Jae Yeol actually ousted them in front of everyone at the share house, and instantly made himself the #1 Public Enemy of the share house. It’s cute to see how Soo Kwang takes sides with Hae Soo, and Lee Kwang Soo is doing a good job as the maknae of the share house. Tonally Show feels rather lighthearted, despite the topics being dealt with are pretty sensitive issues. There’s alot of psychiatry going on, and in the first episode we get a cameo from Lee El as a transgender, who has been heavily physically abused by her own family just because she did a sex change from a male to a female. Hae Soo urges her to assert her right (if I never remember wrongly), and tells her she cannot let her family dictate her life. We get quite a bit of snippets from the patients in the psychiatric ward, interspersed with the problems our main cast face, so it’s alot of heavy mental health problems here. This is what made me a little confused tonally because Show looks so vibrant and vivid, but the narrative is very serious issues. Despite so, I’ll definitely catch up with this.DROUGHT INDUCED DISPERSAL IN DIVING BEETLES IN THE WESTERN UNITED STATES Drought causes many physical changes to aquatic habitats, including increasing temperatures and decreasing water levels, which can threaten aquatic invertebrate communities. Some aquatic invertebrates, such as diving beetles, can disperse via flight to relocate or discover new bodies of water. Despite observations of aquatic beetles flying during drought, little is known about what actually triggers this dispersal. We examined how decreasing water level and increasing temperature affect diving beetle dispersal, with a laboratory experiment in incubators. We collected diving beetles in San Diego County, CA, USA and used dispersal traps to measure dispersal in response to varying temperature and water levels. At the end of the three week experiment, we identified beetles to species and examined the relationship between dispersal, physical cues and specific-species dispersal tendencies. We found that both water level and temperature positively affected dispersal; however, there was no interactive effect. Our results suggest that drought will lead to higher dispersal for aquatic beetles. With drought becoming more prevalent, drought induced dispersal could have significant effects on the communities structure making understanding this phenomena vital. Patrick Carroll (Primary Presenter/Author), University of San Diego, email@example.com; Ruth Hoover ( Co-Presenter/Co-Author), University of San Diego, firstname.lastname@example.org; Kate Boersma ( Co-Presenter/Co-Author), University of San Diego, email@example.com;In order to combat SPAM on the forums, all users are required to have a minimum of 2 posts before they can submit links in any post or thread. Discussion in 'UO Rares Collector' started by 4gregu, Jun 6, 2014. I can't find anything on this web. Anyone know where its from? This Web is one of the decorative drops from the Champion Mephitis. It is the outer ring to the cocoon stealable. Ahhhh ok, thank you (I had never seen one before labeled just "web")On Fox News Sunday this morning, Chris Wallace repeatedly grilled Jay Sekulow over whether the past denials of Russian contact by people on the Trump Team now look “suspect.” Sekulow, a member of President Trump‘s legal team, did the Full Ginsburg on the Sunday shows this morning, and his Fox interview started with Wallace playing clips of Donald Trump Jr., the President himself, and Vice President Mike Pence insisting there were no Russian contacts. Wallace asked, “Do you now acknowledge that all of those denials are at the very least suspect?” Sekulow was quick to bring up James Comey, which led Wallace to interject, “This doesn’t have anything to do with my question.” When Sekulow said he would answer the question, Wallace replied, “It depends how long we’re gonna take to get there.” Sekulow brought up Comey’s actions––leaking his memos to help create a special counsel––but again Wallace said, “I’m not asking you about any of that.” They continued going back and forth over whether the Don Jr. meeting itself was improper, with Wallace confronting Sekulow on whether it showed “intent and willingness” to collude. Watch above, via Fox. [image via screengrab] Have a tip we should know? email@example.comStrolling of the Heifers Microloan Fund for New England Farmers Deadline: November 27, 2009 The Strolling of the Heifers Microloan Fund for New England Farmers will be accepting applications through November 27, 2009 for loans of $10,000 or less. Applicants must live in one of the four counties of Western Massachusetts or in Vermont, and must prequalify. To learn more, visit The Carrot Project Farm Financing Northeast SARE Farmer Grants Deadline: December 8, 2009 The Northeast Sustainable Agriculture Research and Education (SARE) Program offers Farmer Grants for commercial farmers who have a new production or marketing idea that will likely boost profits, improve stewardship, and strengthen the farm community. To learn more, download an application and instruction booklet, please visit NESare Farmer Grants. The Northeast Region is comprised of Connecticut Delaware, Maine, Maryland, Massachusetts, New Hampshire, New Jersey, New York, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, Vermont, West Virginia and Washington, DC. Community Capital Management Assistance Program (MAP) Grants Deadline: Rolling until funds are fully disbursed Thanks to a $99,000 USDA Rural Development Business Enterprise Grant (RBEG), Community Capital is pleased to launch its Management Assistance Program (MAP). Visit http://communitycapitalvt.org/images/Forms/map%20application.pdf 6Businesses located in one of the following eight Vermont counties can apply for up to $2,500 and formal or informal groups of businesses can apply for up to $5,000 to purchase consulting services that advance their individual or shared business goals. Eligible counties include: Addison, Caledonia, Essex, Franklin, Grand Isle, Lamoille, Orange and Washington. There are match requirements, so read the application carefully to find out how you can meet those requirements. Applicants can expect a 2-week turn around time on their application provided it is complete when submitted. All decisions are made by staff.A few pictures from the Gearins' 4th of July Backyard Soiree. |From left to right: Beckie, Laurie, Lucas, Kiara, Noriko, Hazel, Gray & Kim| |She's 3 months old and older boys have already started checking Kiara out...ugh!!!| |Uncle Sacks and Kiara| |Auntie Crystal and Kiara| Happy birthday America!Thank you for visiting the Family Law Lawyer Tech & Practice blog. My name is John Harding. I am a family law lawyer practicing in Northern California. Long ago I realized that I could practice law more effectively and more efficiently (i.e., better and easier) by availing myself of the technological tools that are out there. I also learned that a successful law practice requires successful marketing. Hardware and software working together make me a better lawyer, and make my life easier. Marketing helps to bring in the business necessary for professional survival. By this blog I hope to share the tips, tricks, and technology that I have learned about so that others may benefit! Thursday, October 20, 2011 Organic Web Marketing Strategies For Lawyers Ever heard of "organic web strategy"? Me neither. At least not until today when I came across an article at JD Supra entitled "Organic Web Strategy For Lawyers." I consider myself green, and I like organic so the title caught my attention. I am still unclear what "organic" means in light of this article, but the article does highlight some very important considerations to keep in mind when developing an internet marketing strategy and plan. Please click here for a very helpful read. Please visit hardinglaw.com for more information of Harding & Associates Family LawBand reveals that this tune, Michael Jackson, The Cure all provided sonic blueprints for upcoming debut LP. Mortar & Pestle (L-R): Sean Paul Duke, Janaysa Lambert, Paul Shinichi. Photo by Sequoia Emmanuelle. PLAY, POST & SHARE “U.V.” is the first single and video from the self-titled debut EP by Mortar & Pestle See the premiere of the “U.V.” music video by Mortar & Pestle via Diffuser.fm! “We created a campy 80’s-style day in the life of two friends as they run through Oakland on a LSD-fueled quest to find their shaman,” explains Paul Shinichi of Mortar & Pestle about the band’s first music video. The clip, premiering via Diffuser.fm is for the song “U.V.,” which recently premiered via SPIN and is taken from the band’s debut EP released earlier this year. “The song is all about how things that normally feel good can be harmful to you,” Shinichi says of the tune’s darker tones. The band also explains that “U.V.” is an essential sonic jumping off point for the debut album that they are now working on in earnest. “It is the most comparable track to our new material because of the mix of natural and electronic drum tones and the thick layering of synth bass and melodies,” says Shinichi. “We already have nine tracks almost finished and more in the works.” Drummer Sean Paul Duke elaborates, saying, “Over the last few years, I have fallen completely in love with pop music. Old hits such as ‘Beat It’ by Michael Jackson as well as minimalist structures like ‘Close To Me
’ by The Cure. This music has rung true for decades now, and has recently captivated me in new ways that are playing a major role in Mortar & Pestle’s direction.” Born on the kitchen piano of a studio apartment, days after Shinichi and singer Janaysa Lambert first met at a mutual friend’s party, the two were joined within the year by Duke. Tragically, the friend who brought them together met with an untimely death shortly after she gave the band its name. “She wanted to be the one to name us,” says Shinichi. “We were struggling with a name for months, and then she came up with Mortar & Pestle. I think honoring her life is one reason why we are together.” Mortar & Pestle’s debut has already gained significant attention for its melding of avant-garde electronic sounds with pure soul singing. In addition to notices from SPIN, BlackBook, Earmilk, Mass Appeal, and more, the entire new EP is streaming now via hometown paper East Bay Express. Members of Mortar & Pestle are available for interviews. Contact Josh Bloom at Fanatic for more information. Mortar & Pestle (Post Primal – Out Now) 03. Lady 7 04. Lighthouse (REMIX) 05. Switchblade Bandita 06. Electric Angel Mortar & Pestle Links Contact Josh Bloom at Fanatic PromotionWelcome to the GradCafe Hello! Welcome to The GradCafe Forums.You're welcome to look around the forums and view posts. However, like most online communities you must register before you can create your own posts. This is a simple, free process that requires minimal information. Benefits of membership: - Participate in discussions - Subscribe to topics and forums to get automatic updates - Search forums - Removes some advertisements (including this one!) Anyone have any thoughts on the MA program at Columbia? Is it considered as big of a cash cow as the program at IFA? It seems like it is a much smaller program compared with NYU(the Graduate Director said 8-12 students enter each year). Obviously, this is a huge financial investment, so I'm weighing my options carefully. I'm currently considering MA offers from Columbia, NYU-IFA and UNC-Chapel Hill. Any advice would be appreciated!Anahad O’Connor at the New York Times – How the Sugar Industry Shifted Blame to Fat: The documents show that a trade group called the Sugar Research Foundation, known today as the Sugar Association, paid three Harvard scientists the equivalent of about $50,000 in today’s dollars to publish a 1967 review of research on sugar, fat and heart disease. The studies used in the review were handpicked by the sugar group, and the article, which was published in the prestigious New England Journal of Medicine, minimized the link between sugar and heart health and cast aspersions on the role of saturated fat. Even though the influence-peddling revealed in the documents dates back nearly 50 years, more recent reports show that the food industry has continued to influence nutrition science. That last sentence is what gets me. This is going on right now, and has been going on for ages. It’s nothing new, and also it’s what happens in many other industries. Scientists are a little better regarding disclosures of funding now than 50 years ago, but industry is where a lot of research money comes from. An industry finds scientists who are either on their side of the issue or are sympathetic to their issue and funds their research. What we need to do is to understand the biases and keep them in mind when making decisions on health policy. Aaron E. Carroll for the New York Times, The Upshot – Simple rules for healthy eating: All of these rules are subtly trying to get you to be more conscious of what you’re eating. It’s far too easy these days to consume more than you think you are, or more than you really need, especially when eating out. I’ve found that it’s impossible to tell any one person how much they should be eating. People have varying requirements, and it’s important for all of them to listen to their bodies to know when they should eat, and when they should stop. I’ve found that making change is hard. How many times have I started running, only to stop a few weeks later due to illness and not getting back into it when I’m better? But we have made the change in our diets. Slowly and over time (in the last 4-5 years) we’ve made small changes that have resulted in weight loss (30+ lbs for me over that time), reduction in cholesterol levels and overall feeling better about my body image. Project Big Life – Life expectancy calculator based on Canadian community health surveys. The calculator bases their predictions on your (truthful) answers to their questions on diet, exercise and a few other factors. What Do These Findings Mean? - Unhealthy behaviours contribute to a large burden of reduced life expectancy. - Linked population health surveys create an opportunity to estimate burden of disease using individual-based data, as in our multivariable predictive approach, and to supplement existing aggregate approaches. - Multivariable risk algorithms can be validated and calibrated for potential application in over 100 countries, potentially allowing widespread use of multivariable approaches. - Multivariable risk algorithms are more complex than alternative approaches to measure burden from health behaviours, but their use can be facilitated by reporting the algorithm in machine-readable format (https://github.com/Ottawa-mHealth/predictive-algorithms) and/or by providing online calculators (https://www.projectbiglife.ca). My life expectancy is 87 years, with my health age being 31 years. Not bad for a 37 year old? Allison Aubrey at NPR – This is how much celebrities get paid to endorse soda and unhealthy food: What’s certain is this: Celebrity-backed food is here to stay. Even Oprah is poised to get in on the branded-food bandwagon. A search of the the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office database shows Oprah has applied to trademark a range of food products — from Oprah pancakes and popcorn to pizza, to name just a few on the list. And the actual study by Bragg et al: CONCLUSIONS: This study demonstrates that music celebrities who are popular among adolescents endorse energy-dense, nutrient-poor products. Follow the money. Laura Wright for the CBC – Ontario fast-food labels could cause women to gain weight, public health advocate says: Along with the calorie information, chain restaurants will have to display a “context statement” meant to help consumers better understand the calorie count. The statement will say adults require 2,000 to 2,400 calories per day, but that individual calorie needs vary. Elizabeth Payne at the Ottawa Citizen – Ottawa Hospital managers, after eating the food for a week, say changes are coming: Getting food managers to eat three meals of hospital food a day for a week, he said, brought the point home that much of the food being served was bland, institutional and not what people would normally eat. Julia Belloz at Vox – We’ve long blamed carbs for making us fat. What if that’s wrong? The main scientific model behind the low-carb approach is the “carbohydrate-insulin hypothesis,” which journalist Gary Taubes, Harvard professor David Ludwig, and others have extensively promoted. It suggests that a diet heavy in carbohydrates (especially refined grains and sugars) leads to weight gain because of a specific mechanism: Carbs drive up insulin in the body, causing the body to hold on to fat and suppress calorie burn. But what’s often lost in all the boosterism around the low-carb approach is that it is still an unproven hypothesis in science. So they did a study to show whether a low-carb diet can actually help to reduce weight. 17 overweight or obese men in a metabolic chamber for 4 weeks and fed either a high carbohydrate diet or ketogenic diet with the same number of calories. Results? No increased body fat loss with the ketogenic diet. But as Bazinet points out, “The study ... doesn’t see any [relationship between a decrease in insulin and an increase in fat loss]. Show me a better study that supports this.” There isn’t any, he added. Tobias urged dieters not to lose sight of the bigger picture. “Low-carb versus low-fat should not be the focus for people selecting a weight loss diet.” The focus, she said, should be on improving the quality of food that people eat instead. Jill Eisen for the CBC – Fat and Sugar, Part 1 First, fat was the dietary bad guy. We were warned back in the 1980s to cut back on eggs, meat and full-fat dairy to avoid heart disease. So we started eating more bread, rice and pasta and fat-free snacks. But we got sicker and fatter. Now sugar is the bad guy. Contributor Jill Eisen explores the complex, and sometimes contradictory, science of nutrition — and tries to find clarity amidst the thicket of studies and ambiguous research. There’s also a great list of research references and a reading list at the link, for more information. Part 2 airs on June 22, 2016. Anna Maria Barry-Jester – Is Gut Science Biased?: The vast majority of data on microbiomes across science is still mostly coming from people in the U.S., Canada and Europe, and having too narrow a sample of the population means we could be looking at the proverbial trees when what we need to understand is the whole forest. Much of what we know about gut microbiomes is biased towards what can be easily measured – the guts of people in the western world. I’d take articles touting the benefits of this or that diet on gut microbiome with a grain of salt. Norelle R. Reilly recently published an article in the Journal of Pediatrics – The Gluten-Free Diet: Recognizing Fact, Fiction and Fad: Gluten-free packaged foods frequently contain a greater density of fat and sugar than their gluten-containing counterparts. Increased fat and calorie intake have been identified in individuals after a GFD. Obesity, overweight, and new-onset insulin resistance and metabolic syndrome have been identified after initiation of a GFD. A GFD also may lead to deficiencies in B vitamins, folate, and iron, given a lack of nutrient fortification of many gluten-free products. Uh-oh. Not good for those people who are gluten-free for non-celiac reasons. There is emerging evidence that those consuming gluten-free products without sufficient diversity may be at greater risk of exposure to certain toxins than those on an unrestricted diet. Arsenic is frequently present in inorganic form in rice, a concern for those on a GFD given that rice is a common ingredient in gluten-free processed foods. A constant worry for us, since much of our diet is rice-based. Maybe 80% or so. There also are noteworthy non-nutritional implications of a GFD. Worldwide, those purchasing gluten-free products will encounter far greater food costs than gluten containing competitors. Social isolation and inconvenience have been reported by children with CD requiring a GFD, and some with CD report a deterioration in their quality of life while on a GFD, linked in many cases to the diet itself. We are lucky to be able to afford the time and expense of making much of our food from scratch in order to keep it as safe as we can from allergens. But it’s another worry for us in the future as our son grows up.- Barbary States - Four states of Northern Africa - Morocco, Algiers, Tunis, and Tripoli - that plundered seaborne commerce for centuries. With the exception of Morocco, they were nominally part of the Ottoman Empire. Surviving by blackmail, they received great sums of money, ships, and arms yearly from foreign powers in return for allowing the foreigners to trade in African ports and sail unmolested through the Barbary waters. They demanded tribute money, seized ships, and held crews for ransom or sold them into slavery.By the end of the eighteenth century, the effectiveness of Tripoli’s corsairs had long since deteriorated, but their reputation alone was enough to prompt European maritime states to pay the tribute extorted by the pasha to ensure safe passage of their shipping through Tripolitan waters. American merchant ships, no longer covered by British protection, were seized by Barbary pirates in the years after American Independence, and American crews were enslaved. In 1799, the United States agreed to pay $18,000 a year in return for a promise that Tripoli-based corsairs would not molest American ships. Similar agreements were made at the time with the rulers of Morocco, Algiers, and Tunis.In May 1801, however, the United States refused to succumb to the increasing demands of the pasha of Tripoli; in return, the pasha declared war. The United States sent naval squadrons into the Mediterranean under the leadership of Commodores Richard Dale and Edward Preble. The navy blockaded the enemy coast, bombarded his shore fortresses, and engaged in close gunboat actions. In June 1805, a peace settlement was negotiated, thus ending officially the Tripolitan War.After the War of 1812, two American naval squadrons returned to the Mediterranean. Diplomacy backed by resolute force soon brought the rulers of Barbary to terms. Commodore Decatur obtained treaties that eliminated the American tribute. In the years immediately after the Napoleonic Wars the European powers forced an end to piracy and the payment of tribute in the Barbary States. Algiers capitulated to the French on July 5, 1830, the Dey (ruler) went into exile and the Ottoman janissaries were shipped back to Constantinople. Following the French conquest of Algiers, Tunis and Tripoli proclaimed at once an end to Christian slavery and corsair activities. They preserved a fictitious independence until they became respectively in 1881 and in 1911 a French protectorate and an Italian colony.See also < >.FURTHER READING:Fisher, Godfrey. Barbary Legend: War, Trade, and Piracy in North Africa. Westport, CT: Greenwood Press, 1974;Lane Poole, Stanley with the collaboration of J. D. Jerrold Kelly. The Barbary Corsairs. Westport, CT: Negro Universities Press, 1970.MOSHE TERDMAN Encyclopedia of the Age of Imperialism, 1800–1914. 2014.Tambah bengang lagi sebab period datang bersamaan. PMS is one thing, you also miss the chance to pray to Allah, the easiest and sure way to combat stress. When hitting and kicking people is not an option, You turn to food. Comfort food. And this, my friends...is currently high up on my FAVOURITE FOOD EVER! Seriously, saya rasa sedap nak mampos. The first time I popped this into my mouth, I think I died and when to heaven. Sedap macam tu sekali. Macam nak culik je tukang buat keripik ni, ikat dia belakang rumah, suruh buat keripik ni hari-hari. Rasa lemak pahit-pahit keripik balinjo, I know most of you would be familiar with. Combine that with sweetness of caramelised sugar coating, dan rangupnya...oh ampun. Now I am eating it like my life depends on it. Macam telan happy pills. Sigh.I've had this dress for years and never worn it, so I chucked it on this morning, as, you know, I have NOTHING TO WEAR. Well, it turned out to be one big wardrobe malfunction. FOUR holes made themselves apparent during the day, so I've been busy popping off to the bathroom with my emergency sewing kit to stitch myself in. It cost me next to nothing and it is quite cute, despite my aversion to all things (apart from myself) that are from the seventies.Total Duration 27:48 People Don't Listen To Me Some years back I was sitting across the table from a coaching client. We were talking about what she thought was her inability to influence as effectively as she wished. In her soft-spoken manner she said, "I just feel like people don't listen to me." Now, of course, I didn't say that, but let me ask you this.... Since she is quiet it's rather obvious she's an introvert, right? And it's probably fair to say that introversion is likely to hold her back from climbing the ladder, wouldn't you say? Well how about this? The coaching client was a C-level executive in a highly successful organization. Though she very well may be an introvert, making that assessment so quickly without learning more is any easy mistake to make. Can Introverts Be Effective Project Managers? Can introverts be effective project managers and leaders? In this episode we talk about that with Lisa Petrilli, author of The Introvert's Guide to Success in Business and Leadership. To learn more about Lisa, please visit her website at LisaPetrilli.com. P.S. BTW, if you haven't listened to my interview with Devora Zack, author of Networking for People Who Hate Networking, make sure to check it out! Thank you for joining me for this episode of The People and Projects Podcast! Have a great week!Problem : The people who really need to be heard are the ones who don't normally have a voice. Idea : To give everyone a voice. Really give them a voice. By using revolutionary mobile digital image recognition technology we can make a poster and press talk for the very first time. Note : This campaign was created and ran in 2008. How it works : The campaign features outdoor posters, print and online elements. These are combined to reinforce the message of giving a voice to those whose plight normally goes unseen and unheard. People around Australia were encouraged to take a mobile phone photo of the featured person’s mouth and send it to a number on the poster as a text message. Using digital image recognition technology and an Australian first call back service, the sender receives a return phone call with a pre-recorded message from the person they have photographed, giving a brief insight into how they live and highlighting some of the issues they face. The message then directs people to a UN website where visitors can leave their own comments and thoughts, turning the original seven voices into thousands. UI & UX DesignRick told me I could do this. It never occurred to me to try until he brought it to my attention. Cruise lines are looking for escorts (not the high-priced ones) to help with tours. On my last cruise speaking gig, I thought I’d give it a try. Simple enough. I went up to the excursion desk: “Hi. I am the guest lecturer for this cruise. I understand sometimes you need help guiding tours.” “Yes, Mr. Belew, we’d love to have your help. Thanks!” A few minutes later and I was designated the official flag holder, sans flag, for a tour to some Mayan ruins with a guide who talked about human sacrifices. The price of the tour was $112 for everyone else. I went for free. The ruins ... so, so. But I know now to chase such opportunities again in the future. Not only does the cruise ship lecturer get a huge feather in his/her cap, s/he gets moxie from the cruisers, crew rates for other amenities – spa, internet, etc. and sometimes free tours. Next up – the Vatican. Great advice, Rick! Drop your email address below to get updates to this site.It's daddy-daughter nap time! Chrissy Teigen, who welcomed daughter Luna Simone with husband John Legend earlier this month, just shared a photo of the duo's sweet snooze session. Snuggled up under a pink blanket, little Luna, who the couple affectionately nicknamed "Lulu," is busy sleeping with dad John while traveling. The proud parents, who bravely shared their fertility struggles before conceiving Luna, have been sharing sweet photos of their new addition ever since her arrival. Check out the gallery for more adorable photos of baby Luna!CARLSBAD, Calif., Oct. 16 -- In the USA, each state is responsible for its Women InfantChildren program and encourages breastfeeding through lactation counseling and the purchase of supplies. A state bid notification for breastpumps and supplies was recently issued. "This bid had such an unusual feature that needs further attention. The Hygeia questioned the state about this bid and whether the supplier would have to replace these failure pumps. The state responded that it's accepted that pumps will not work for a certain amount of women and there was no expectation that the non-working breast pump be replaced. "This seems to be a common industry standard," continued Estill. "Indeed most pump companies place the burden of buying a pump squarely on the shoulders of the mothers, many of whom are uninformed as to choices available. The labeling on most breastpumps states that they 'cannot be returned' for hygienic reasons." What message does this send to the individual woman who failed at breastfeeding due to an inappropriate or defective pump? Why should such a mother be left with a pump that doesn't work for her? "At the very least, these non-return policies take advantage of women and shift blame of failure from supplier to the mother," commented Estill. "Imagine if 10% of the blood glucose meters were defective and consumers couldn't return them. Or that 10% of the blood pressure readers didn't work and the manufacturer said it's the consumer's fault for buying the wrong unit at the drug store. These situations are really unimaginable. Why then, are breastpumps, which are solely designed for women, subject to the reverse - that it's their 'fault' mothers picked the wrong pump and tough luck for them? "At Hygeia, we feel that if a pump does not work for a mother and sustain her milk supply, then it is the manufacturer's responsibility and not the mother's. Hygeia stands alone in our dedication to provide women with a basic right to pumps that work for them, or offer them a refund or exchange. We call this our Total Compatibility Guarantee," concluded Estill. About Hygeia - Mother's Milk ... The Promise of Health(TM) At Hygeia, our mission is to support breastfeeding. We provide breastfeeding moms with a wide variety of quality products at affordable prices. For more information on Hygeia, visit http://www.HygeiaBaby.com or dial 888 PUMP-4-MOM (888-786-7466) or 760-918-0339. This release was issued through eReleases(TM). For more information, visit http://www.ereleases.com. Subscribe to our Free Newsletters! Cachexia refers to severe muscle and fat loss, anorexia and marked weight loss due to an underlying ... Exotropia or outward eye deviation is a form of squint. Proper evaluation and timely intervention ... Glaucoma is a group of disorders involving the optic nerve, often associated with a rise in ...View AllSarvodaya has been in the forefront of the recent emergency response to the massive displacement in north. The organization, working through its district centres in Vavuniya, Mannar and Padaviya, rallied the support of many different donors and dipped in its own resources to provide food and non-food items to the thousands of displaced families now living in camps. During the early months of 2009, Sarvodaya concentrated its efforts on providing food relief to those who had escaped the conflict in the north. Both cooked food and dry rations were provided. In January and February, a total of 45,000 cooked food parcels were distributed to Nellukulam and Tamil Maha Vidyalayam IDP Camps in Vavuniya. Of these 7500 parcels were supported by NCA (Norwegian Church Aid) and 37,500 by CHA (Consortium of Humanitarian Agencies) Sarvodaya provided continuous support to Saivapragasa Vidyalayam where over 1,200 families are taking refuge. At this camp, Vavuniya District Centre of Sarvodaya has organized communal cooking with the participation of IDPs and Sarvodaya Shanthi Sena volunteers and distributing food parcels to the entire camp population from February 26 onwards. Over 180,565 parcels have been distributed over the past two months. These efforts have been supported by many donors including NCA and Malteser International. Providing Non-Food Relief To make life more tolerable in camps set up for the internally displaced in Vavuniya, Mannar, Jaffna and Padaviya, Sarvodaya provided a range of relief items from soap to shoes to sheets through emergency funds mobilized through donors including the private sector. Sarvodaya put together over 7,500 different relief packages for Vavuniya alone that included clothes, underwear, soap and shampoo, toys , mats, mosquito nets, sanitary items and special clothing for pregnant and lactating mothers. These were labeled as fam
ily kits, pregnant mothers’ kits, men’s kits, children and infant kits, recreational kits, educational kits. These kits were distributed in time for the Sinhala and Tamil New Year in mid April to four of the main IDP camps in Vavuniya. These are Saivapragasa Vidyalayam, Nellukulam Maha Vidyalayam, Poonthotam College of Education and Tamil Maha Vidyalayam (Primary). In Mannar 530 kits for pregnant mothers, 1,150 children infant kits and 220 family kits were distributed in camps where Sarvodaya is operating, mainly in Nannattan division. In addition some 884 food relief items and 172 NFRI packs which included dry food, women’s and men’s clothes and sanitary items were distributed to IDP families in camps in Nannattan and Mannar divisions in Mannar district “We are closely working with other partners such as government agencies, the United Nations system, international and national NGOs and importantly, the IDPs themselves. We are making every effort to respond to the needs on the ground in a systematic way and in conformity to International Humanitarian Standards,” Sarvodaya’s Executive Director said. In addition to providing food and non-food relief items, Sarvodaya is engaged in improving water and sanitation services in camps in both Vavuniya and Mannar districts. More than 250 temporary latrines have been constructed and 20 water-filters installed for safe drinking water. A water treatment plant was provided to Manik Farm Zone 3 which provides 50,000 liters of treated water daily. In an attempt to support some families to return to livelihood, bicycles, fish boxes, fishing nets and weighing scales were provided to 118 families in Nannattan. Mobilising Manpower and Resources Sarvodaya has engaged a large number of volunteers to meet the urgent manpower demands of the emergency response. More than 1500 Sarvodaya Shanthi Sena volunteers operate daily- over a 1000 in Mannar and 500 in Vavuniya. In addition to those district centres in the frontline- Mannar, Vavuniya and Padaviya- other centres across the country are supporting the relief operations. The other district centres engaged are Jaffna, Kilinochchi, Padaviya, Anuradhapura (West), Kalutara, Monaragala, Hambanthota. “On-the-ground activities have been assigned to various teams involving Sarvodaya staff of District Centers of Vavuniya, Mannar, Killinochchi, and Padaviya, with necessary technical and administrative support from the Specialist Units of Sarvodaya Headquarters,” said Dr. Ariyaratne. “The Deshodaya and the Field Operation divisions are directly coordinating the field level activities involving the IDPs.” The Executive Director and the senior staff maintain close coordination at the national level. At the Movement’s Moratuwa Headquarters an Emergency Operations Centre was set up to maintain round-the-clock communication lines between Vavuniya and Mannar District Centres, coordinate requests for support, supplies and logistics including management of NFRI stocks.Toledo will mark Arbor Day this year by planting about 50 blossoming cherry trees in honor of former city residents who died in military conflict. The city said it is inviting family members of fallen servicemen and women to participate in an April 29 ceremony at a Veterans Memorial Grove in the Parkside Boulevard median between Dorr Street and Mount Vernon Avenue in West Toledo. The trees will replace ones cleared by recent utility work. Those who wish to participate are to provide information about the veteran to be memorialized. Applications are due April 19. They are available online at www.toledo.oh.gov or by contacting the city parks, recreation, and forestry division at 419-245-3357.Monica Jordan was found dead on Sunday, Father's day, along with her boyfriend, former Mets player and commentator for the MLB Network, Darryl Hamilton. According to police, it appeared Hamilton had been shot several times just inside the front door and Monica Jordan died from a self-inflicted gunshot wound in another part of the house. Police also said that Monica Jordan and Darryl Hamilton's 13-month-old son was also found in the home, unharmed. Their son was turned over to Child Protective Services. Heavy.com reported, "A friend of Jordan’s told Heavy.com that she was 'very quiet' which made the whole ordeal 'so shocking.' That friend also said that, at the time of her death, Jordan wasn’t working." While the details of what caused Monica Jordan to kill Hamilton and herself remain sparse, statements were released expressing sorrow for the passing of Darryl Hamilton. Happy 8th grade graduation to my Diggy D!! pic.twitter.com/0BuSXmaGKE — Darryl Hamilton (@dham18) June 3, 2015 Baseball Commissioner Robert D. Manfred released a statement Monday that read, "All of us at Major League Baseball are shocked and saddened by this tragedy. Darryl followed a successful 13-year career on the field by assembling a multifaceted career in our game, working for MLB Advanced Media and in our Baseball Operations Department before moving on to MLB Network." He added, "He was a talented and personable individual, and we were proud to call him a member of the Baseball Family. On behalf of Major League Baseball, I extend my deepest sympathies to Darryl's family and his many friends throughout our game." Awesome day with Jim Breuer on MLB Central this morning!! pic.twitter.com/Ob2cZrwfp6 — Darryl Hamilton (@dham18) May 28, 2015 The Houston Astros also released a statement, saying, "The Astros are saddened by the tragic loss of Darryl Hamilton. In addition to his fine, 13-year career as a Major League player and talented MLB Network analyst, Darryl was also a friend of the Astros organization, strongly supporting our youth baseball outreach efforts." Before we could even sit down King Felix was down 8-0.... pic.twitter.com/I3eKPqjcn9 — Darryl Hamilton (@dham18) June 13, 2015 The statement continued, "Darryl made appearances at the Astros Urban Youth Academy and was a friend to our staff there. The Astros extend our deepest sympathies to Darryl’s family and many friends throughout the game of baseball and beyond." What do you think could have led Monica Jordan to take such extreme measures?Over the years I have had many married men hit on me. What I find interesting is the fact that they don’t hide that they are married. It goes to show how many women don’t care, that is why these men feel so comfortable. Needless to say I have never dated anyones husband on purpose. Now if he takes the ring off and makes up lies to cover his tracks I can’t say I am innocent. All this to say a acquaintance from my past called. A guy I met through a friend 11 years ago. We were supposed to have a date. It never quite happened. I was attracted to him and him clearly me. Neither one of us was that interested to make it happen. Well several years back a mutual acquaintance told him he got married. I thought that was nice. I only talked to him on email. So I sent him a congrats on the wedding. I was getting the feeling he didn’t want me to know. I didn’t even think about it I rare come into contract with this person. Last year he called out the blue and asked me out. He dressed it up like we would be going with a bunch of people. It made me feel real uncomfortable. He never called back to confirm so I let it go. Then two weeks ago he called out the blue. We chit chatted for a few minutes. Then he said you don’t keep in touch. I said you are married. He found that to be insulting and said we can still talk. I let him know I don’t carry on with married men. Oh his wife isn’t like that. Really I said!! Well if we were such good friend I would have me the woman. They have been married for four years. I said talking to someone twice in four years does not constitute friendship. He protested he wasn’t doing anything wrong. I told him I have no idea what is going on in his marriage. Also I could careless. I don’t create friendship with married men. If we were truly friends before you got married then fine. This situation was just uncomfortable. I let him know I will respect your wife the way I would want to be respected if I was married. In my opinion he was trying to hard to change my mind. Why was I all of sudden important? The conversation left on a sour note. I can’t say he would be missed. He wasn’t really a part of my life at all. He needs to find the woman who doesn’t mind sharing him with his wife. I MIND!! Also I don’t need his wife calling me with any drama. Been there done that. The ones who slip off the ring and tell the lies, wives some how found my number. In those situation I told them he is yours and keep him. I hate drama. I try to avoid it. Also Karma is a bitch. I have enough bad Karma with relationships. I don’t need any more!!!- Posted by James - Bradley Cooper, The Hangover If you’re a big fan of The Hangover trilogy, then you’ll definitely remember Bradley Cooper aka Phil, crazy ole’ Alan’s ‘best friend’. (Did we just hear someone sniggering?) If you want to look great, you won’t go wrong with owning the very same shades Mr. Cooper wore to blockbuster fame. For example, Mr. Cooper can be seen wearing the Ray-Ban RB3025 sunglasses after one of the ‘wolfpack’ – Doug – gets taken hostage by crime lord Marshall. Bradley Cooper is also seen in a different pair of aviator shades – the New Oliver Peoples Benedict Gold frame with Java Lenses – in The Hangover 2. Let’s take a look at these two very similar sunglasses. On top of these shades being extremely in-demand right now, they’re also reasonably priced. You don’t have to break the bank in order to own a piece of eye-wear that even big name celebrities such as Jennifer Lopez and Bradley Cooper have been seen in. The aviator sunglasses are classic designs so they’ll continue to be in style for many years to come. Protection From UV Rays So...I’ve seen many people trying to look cool while wearing sunglasses indoors. But really, sunglasses are meant to protect one’s eyes from harmful ultraviolet (UV) rays while you’re out and about your business outdoors. The good news is that you’ll get to enjoy full protection from harmful UV rays when you put on any of these sunglasses. Whether you’re lounging by the beach or running errands out in the sun, your eyes will stay protected. Bend It without Breaking It The aviator sunglass from Ray-ban has an adjustment feature which allows you to bend the sides to fit your face without fear of ending up with a broken shade. You’ll also get to choose which color you’d like your protective case to be in at the time of purchase. Although you’re offered a free protective case when you buy this sunglass, accidents do happen. But with the guaranteed lifetime manufacturer’s warranty, you’ll never have to worry about wasting money on a broken product. All you have to do is contact Ray-ban and they’ll tell you how to get a new pair if something unfortunate happens. It’s that simple. (Terms and conditions apply though!)Happy new year people!!! Or is it too late to say that? I just got off the phone with a friend who repeatedly asked what’s going on in my head and on my mind. So I decided to search my head and mind to find out what’s up, all I found is that my love tank is very full. This past week, my friends have been making little deposits into my love tank and now it’s running over. I sometimes forget how awesome my friends are, until they do something that makes me feel so overwhelmed with love that I am reminded that they are undercover super heroes. A scripture comes to mind One who has unreliable friends soon comes to ruin, but there is a friend who sticks closer than a brother. Proverbs 18:24 Have you ever had someone pray for you so passionately? The kind of prayer that can only come from a place of love and a genuine desire to see you pull through and do good. I have, and I can say it comes with an amazing feeling. Praying with friends has gotten me through really rough patches and what would otherwise have been very lonely times. It has also been the best form of celebration to exciting events and achievements in my life. Friends that pray with and for you are the best kind of friends. Nothing beats a soulful connection that goes deeper than “besties, bff and squad goals”. NOTHING!!! There are friends, and there are godly friends. Everybody needs godly friends, it’s exciting to have a relationship with God and know that you can call him father; it is even more exciting to have friends that you can share this relationship with. They help you enjoy God. We all make mistakes; godly Friends encourage you and hold you accountable. They do not judge you because they are your friends; they do not egg you on because they are godly people. They help you see your blind spots, and can tell when you are starting to drift. Godly friends make your love tank full or almost full, but never empty they are the representation of God’s sincere love on earth. This isn’t me saying abandon all your non christian friends, this is me saying having godly friends in your inner circle is a great idea.The Samsung Galaxy S3 is one of Samsung’s flagship smartphones and has a 720p HD display which is perfect for watching high quality video. You could of course download videos to your S3, but why do that when you can simply link it to your UltraViolet digital storage locker and stream any movie you have the licence for on-demand whenever, wherever you are (subject to having Internet access)? If you’d like to stream or download UltraViolet digital content, you need to download the Flixster app for Android. 1. Go to the Play Store and search for “Flixster”. 2. You’ll want to click on “Movies by Flixster” (should be the first result). 3. Tap Install, then accept the permissions. Flixster will need certain permissions to be able to do its job – for example it will need internet and storage access. This is completely normal and is no cause for concern. 4. Flixster will now be downloaded and installed on your Galaxy S3.The Alsco Cotton Bib Overall is designed to make your staff look professional yet comfortable while at work. This garment is made of 100% cotton, which is a fully breathable fabric that can be worn even in hot places. It does not absorb odour which is ideal for industrial workers. - Sizes: 77-122 - 311 gsm - Also available in S fitting - Two front patch pockets, hip and side rule pocket - High back with brace buckles and front adjustable dome strap fasteners with concealed dome fly fron - Royal Blue We also have the Polycotton Bib Overall that is made of high-quality fabric that offers toughness and durability. It is tear-resistant and breathable fabric that will provide comfort to you staff. Why Alsco’s Managed Service is Best for your Business... A convenient experience for you is at the top of our minds – always. Alsco’s rental service is hyper-fast and accurate. - No large, up front capital costs. - We can tweak our services to fit your business with ease - Easy order increase for busy time periods - World-class inventory management system for easy ordering - Control your costs to match your needs and budgetRosa Parks' Stamp on American History As we honor the centennial of her birth, let's understand the full measure of her legacy Today, to honor the Feb. 4 centennial of the birth of Rosa Parks, the United States Postal Service has issued a Rosa Parks stamp. Last year, a stone carving of Parks was added to the National Cathedral. In 2005, she became the first woman and second African American to lie in honor in the nation's Capitol and, through a special act of Congress, a statue of her was ordered placed in the Capitol. Yet these tributes to Rosa Parks rest on a narrow and distorted vision of her legacy. As the story goes, a quiet Montgomery, Ala., seamstress with a single act challenged Southern segregation, catapulted a young Martin Luther King Jr. into national leadership and ushered in the modern civil rights movement. Parks' memorialization promotes an improbable children's story of social change -- one not-angry woman sat down, the country was galvanized and structural racism was vanquished. This fable diminishes the extensive history of collective action against racial injustice and underestimates the widespread opposition to the black freedom movement, which for decades treated Parks' political activities as "un-American." Most important, it skips over the enduring scourge of racial inequality in American society -- a reality that Parks continued to highlight and challenge -- and serves contemporary political interests that treat racial injustice as a thing of the past. A more thorough accounting of Parks' political life offers a different set of reasons for the nation to honor her. Laboring in the 1940s and 1950s in relative obscurity, Parks and her colleague E.D. Nixon were among a small group who sought to transform Montgomery's NAACP into a more activist branch, determined to register their dissent, even if they could deal no significant blow to white supremacy. With Nixon as branch president and Parks as secretary, they pushed for black-voter registration, legal justice and school desegregation -- and Parks traveled the state documenting white brutality and legal malfeasance. The summer before her bus stand, she attended a two-week workshop at Highlander Folk School, an interracial, adult organizer training school in Tennessee, to organize for the implementation of school desegregation. Knowing well the cost of bus resistance (a neighbor had been killed for his resistance, the young Claudette Colvin manhandled) and having made numerous personal stands against segregation that went nowhere, Parks understood the cost, danger and likely ineffectiveness of her stand. And yet "pushed as far as [she] could stand to be pushed," she did it anyway. When, to her surprise, her arrest galvanized a mass movement, she worked hard to sustain it over the next year. Her stand led to significant economic and personal hardship for her family. In the early days of the boycott, both Rosa and Raymond Parks lost their jobs. Eight months after the boycott ended, still unable to find work, in poor health and continuing to face death threats, they left Montgomery for Detroit. There she did not rest, but joined with new and old comrades to fight the racism of her new hometown and American society more broadly. One of the greatest distortions of the Parks fable is the way it portrays her as meek, missing the resolute political sensibility that identified Malcolm X as her personal hero. Arriving in Detroit in 1957, she spent more than half her life fighting racial injustice in the Jim Crow North. Describing the city as the "promised land that wasn't," the Parks family lived in the "heart of the ghetto" and found racism in Detroit "almost as widespread as Montgomery." Having volunteered on his upstart political campaign, Parks was hired by the newly elected Rep. John Conyers in 1965 to be part of his Detroit staff, where she worked on issues such as police brutality, open housing, welfare and job discrimination -- the plagues of Northern racism. Her long-standing political commitments to self-defense, black history, economic justice, police accountability and black political empowerment intersected with key aspects of the Black Power movement, and she took part in numerous mobilizations in the late 1960s and 1970s. An internationalist, she opposed U.S. involvement in Vietnam, demonstrated at the South African embassy to condemn apartheid and contested U.S. policy in Central America. Eight days after 9/11, she joined other activists in a letter calling for justice, not vengeance, insisting the U.S. must work with the international community and warning against retaliation or war. To the end of her life, Parks continued to stress the enduring need for social change, reminding Americans "not [to] become comfortable with the gains we have made in the last forty years." That lifetime of steadfastness and outrage, tenacity and bravery, is what deserves national veneration. Doing justice to Parks' actual legacy thus requires something of us -- something much harder than a stamp or a statue. Rosa Parks' courage was the ability to make an independent stand, even though she and others had done it before and nothing had changed, and even when she well-understood the harm that might befall her. She made those stands over and over throughout the course of her life. Honoring her legacy means summoning similar audacity. It requires acknowledging that America is not a postracial society and that the blight of racial and social injustice is deep and manifest. It entails a profound recommitment to the goals for which she spent a lifetime fighting -- a criminal justice system fair and just to people of color, unfettered voting rights, educational access and equity, real assistance to the poor, an end to U.S. wars of occupation and black history in all parts of school curricula. Finally, it means heeding her words to Spelman College students: "Don't give up, and don't say the movement is dead." © 2013 The Slate Group LLCPeople like you foster Life as a mainstream foster carer Posted on: 26 September 2016 Simon Davies and his wife are ‘mainstream’ carers from Devon. They have been fostering children for six years. Simon and his wife decided to foster younger children because it suited the dynamics of their family (they felt it best to foster children that were younger than their own). They currently have a thirteen-year-old boy that has been with them for five years and sibling brothers aged four and six, who they hope to adopt in the near future. Simon, who is forty-eight and a former retail manager, explains in his own words, what led him to fostering; “Before we got married, my wife and I always said that if we could not have our own children then we would foster or adopt. When the first of our own three children flew the nest, we felt the time was right to look into fostering. When we were approved, our second child was about to go, leaving only one at home and giving us the time and space to commit to fostering. We felt that having raised three of our own reasonably well, it would give us the parenting skills to support a fostered child. My wife works at a local secondary school so has a folder full of certificates from the child-related training she has received. Prior to that, she was a manager of a preschool so felt we had the age bases covered. I however, came from a retail management background so only knew what I had learnt from parenting my own children”. Simon and his wife did anticipate that at times there would be challenging behaviour from the children they were fostering and so expected swearing and shouting, but they were impressed with the support that they both received. “We were pleasantly surprised by the level of support from our supervising social workers, who over the years have been a tower of strength and a font of knowledge. We wanted to make a positive difference to the lives of the young people staying with us and have come to understand that there are very few “quick wins”. The gains are mostly seen much later in the placement as you build stronger relationships with the child”. The professional support network was one of the reasons that they approached Fostering Devon, which is part of Devon County Council. They did also approach the private sector but felt that Fostering Devon added another dimension to the support, training and knowledge base. “The supervising social workers we have worked with have all been fantastic. A calm, balanced head to bounce issues off and also a guru when you have run out of ideas yourself! It took a long time, about 15 months, from the initial evening introduction session to become a fully-fledged Foster Carer but I am aware the process and timescales are much quicker now. We were kept very much in the picture as to what would happen next in the process and how to prepare for it, we never felt neglected, despite the timescales”. Simon stresses that you need time and commitment to foster children and you have to be supportive in many ways, but that it’s also very rewarding. It makes a difference to the children that may not have had a great start in life. He also explains that you have to wear many ‘hats’; “Where to start...it’s 24/7 and 365 days of the year. It’s a job that you can’t clock off from. We are everything from cook to nurse, taxi service to laundry maid, complicated by the expressed needs of a child or young person being very different to what is actually needed to help them. You have to be there for them no matter what, listen without judgement or prejudice, support through the bad times and share the good times. Seeing them succeed, sometimes the smallest steps are the biggest progress. The hugs are few and far between, however, are like an Olympic medal. Some will even tell you they love you, which melts your heart when you know what they have experienced. We aim to support our fostered children in a similar way to our own
, to become balanced confident individuals, who can reach their professional potential and personal contentment. We endeavour to open their minds to the opportunities that exist for young people and try to shine some light on a brighter future that they may not have considered”. Fostering can be challenging too and there were unexpected issues that Simon and his wife didn’t anticipate. “Some young people, despite your very best efforts, won’t accept your support and persist on a path of self-destruction. It’s very difficult to see someone you have cared for take enormous risks with their health and well-being, with no sense of the hurt they are causing themselves and those around them. You have to be prepared that it isn’t all plain sailing. But there were many unexpected positive aspects. Therapeutic training has evolved our parenting style considerably and we have seen enormous progress with the young boys who are with us currently. Only a few months ago it was felt that they could not be adopted together because of their aggressive, violent behaviour. Now it would be unthinkable to separate them. “You have to be there for them no matter what, listen without judgement or prejudice, support through the bad times and share the good times. Seeing them succeed, sometimes the smallest steps are the biggest progress.” Fostering has changed our lives. It has meant a complete role reversal, I am the main carer for the fostered children, following my retail career. We realised after a couple of years as foster carers that to commit to the permanent placements we had, that one of us needed to give up full-time work. As I had attended all the meetings and training I was the natural choice. I have experienced many moments with my fostered children that I missed with my own due to work commitments. If you were thinking of becoming a Foster Carer then you need patience, a sense of humour, to be approachable, be a good listener, open minded to accept new ideas, be calm and considered, organised and a good advocate. But if you think you can handle it then....do it, it will be hard at times, however, the emotional rewards are worth the effort.”In order to successfully obtain a Masters qualification, you will need to obtain a number of credits by passing individual modules. Most taught Masters will have a number of core modules which you must take and pass in order to obtain the qualification. The assessment of research Masters is almost always entirely by a single dissertation module or project. Those looking to get involved in the fine arts, in the study of literature and philosophy, or to try other creative roles like designing fashion or culinary arts, will be most likely to find the program of their interest in the Arts category. Italy, officially the Italian Republic, is a unitary parliamentary republic within the European Union, located in Southern Europe. To the north, it borders France, Switzerland, Austria, and Slovenia along the Alps. Top Master Programs in Arts in Italy 2017 Ten extraordinary months. Ten international photography professionals in the classroom, one monthly, with their key figures. Ten unique opportunities to learn directly from the protagonists. Master of Raffles Milan. Finally somebody thought of us. Photographing means propose a model of the useful and interesting world, telling reality that helps us to love it. The photographer is no longer a craft job. Digital technology drives it to "shake off" the obsession of the technique in favor of a logic increasingly linked to being able to see, to know how to interpret and to know how to tell. [+] The Master in Contemporary Art Markets is an intensive study path that will give you the artistic vocabulary and expertise to interpret the dynamics and economics of today’s art market. You’ll have the opportunity to network with established industry professionals and to collaborate with internationally acclaimed art galleries, auction houses, art fairs, institutions, collections, and art centers. [+] Subjects: Fashion illustration. Fashion styling. History of costume. Textile technology. Basic and fancy pattern making. Grading.Tailoring and industrial sewing techniques. Lectra CAD suite. [+] The Fashion Photography Master is aimed to those who have the passion for Photography and Fashion, and its goal is to illustrate in detail the processes and the work methods to realize a professional fashion photo shooting and the production of a highly professional portfolio. [+] The Luxury Interior Designer is the creative mind who is responsible for designing the interior spaces of a myriad of different environments: prestigious boutiques, select clubs, exclusive resorts, private residences or luxury yachts. [+] The Master in Transportation Design offered by the Istituto Europeo di Design sets itself up as an incubator for tomorrow's professionals and, thanks to an ongoing relationship with Companies closely involved in this sector, it intends to contribute to the creation of very sought after and highly specialised professionals. Over the course of two years on a full-time basis, the Master expects to hone and develop the student's competence in terms of his/her critical approach, analytical and methodological skills, providing the tools to start creating his/her own innovative concepts; in other words the aim is to train these professionals who will have the sensibility, courage and competence to imagine and design the vehicles of tomorrow. [+] Within the two-year study program in "Architettura_Progettazione of the Interior and the Autonomy" in the English language, Master of Science in the class LM-4 Architecture and Architectural Engineering, the Department of Architecture and Industrial Design "Luigi Vanvitelli" (NUTS ) it has signed two international agreements for the establishment of two Double Titles, one in 2015 and another in 2016. [+] The master programs are for post graduate students only. This master is ideal for young graduates or professionals holding a degree in interior or a compatible design with interiors. The objective of the Master course is to produce professionals in the specialized field of Interior Design. [+] Fashion Brand Management is the most up-to-date and complete program at Polimoda, for the visionary and active, creative and relational, for someone with a charismatic personality; the Brand Manager. This is a master in creating, preserving, and reshaping the identity of a brand, one who speaks to the subconscious and wins the battle in the consumers’ minds. [+] The Master examines the space designed both in its aesthetic and functional aspects and in those, less obvious, methods of use and symbolic [+] In the Master in Visual Brand Design, you will gain the skills to identify a company’s core assets. To cultivate a deep understanding of the product and the best way to communicate its values, both in the physical and the social media worlds. To bring it all together into a consistent brand vision, voice, and environment. [+] The Master in Musicology: Music, and Cultural Practice in Europe (MusEur) is a full-time, international, two-year program entirely taught in English and designed for students from all over the world. [+] The master in Graphic Design offers a path that is developed in a continuous relation between different fields, integrating the knowledge of the tools and technologies, the project culture and methodology with a sensibility towards Visual Communication and its representations. Particular attention will be given to the New Media aspects and to the new frontiers of web communication, in order to create professional figures capable of acting within an evolving scenario. The Graphic Designer figure, today, is particularly dynamic; being not only an expert in Visual Languages, but also a director of Communication Strategies based on the sign that is expressed on physical support in both real locations and virtual environments. The Graphic Designer works in Advertisement and Communication Companies, in Web Agencies, in Publishing Houses or as a Freelancer in his own facility; he is able to interact with multiple clients in different fields thanks to a developed versatility. This professional figure, in fact, has the necessary tools to keep updated and anticipate the times, offering innovative solutions to his clients. [+] This trilingual Master of Arts focusses on the potentials of local communities and economies, and on how to unfold them in a globalized world. Eco-Social Design is not only about more eco-efficient products and services, but is striving for more social good and good life with less material goods. [+] Opera was born in Italy. Gioacchino Rossini, Vincenzo Bellini, Gaetano Donizetti, Giuseppe Verdi, Giacomo Puccini all played the part of dictating the rules and in the development of the opera, from the playful and romantic to melodramatic or realistic The costume designer is the artist who knows the history, traditions, anthropological origins, psychological interpretations, emotional suggestions and the craftsmanship of the costume. The costume designer is a contemporary creative talent, a master of craftsmanship, dexterity and design. [+]Kidney surgery to place a ureteral stent involves putting the patient under general anesthesia, putting a ureteroscope into the bladder through the urethra, using a flexible guide wire to place the stent into place, guaranteeing the stent is in the proper place then removing the guide wire. Removal of the stent usually takes place between two days and two weeks after placement, states the Ohio State University Department of Urology. Some patients require longer term use of the stent.Continue Reading A stent is a hollow tube that helps urine pass from the kidney to the bladder in patients having difficulty with urination due to kidney stones, cancer or stricture, states OSU Urology. If long-term use is necessary, the doctor changes the stent regularly to prevent stone formation or difficulty with removal. While the stent is in place, the patient may experience urinary frequency or urgency along with mild pain or irritation. It is also normal for patients to experience some bleeding with urination while the stent is in place, especially in the first few days. Most patients can tolerate stent removal with the use of topical anesthesia, but some patients may require general anesthesia for the procedure. Patients typically do not have pain after stent removal, but the doctor may recommend use of pain medicine before and after to prevent pain, advises OSU Urology.Learn more about Conditions & DiseasesYou're playing a demo version of the game. Try the real version to win real cash. Tornado Farm Escape Review Tornado Farm Escape slots is a fun-filled country themed slot game. Join the cute farm animals and start winning big jackpots! There are two great Bonus features offered to help you win! First there is the Tornado feature – watch the tornado blow across the reels collecting Active and Wild symbols for great prizes! There is also the exciting Storm Bonus feature which packs the reels with extra Wild symbols and increases your wins! By the time the storm clears your winnings will be huge! See what all the fuss is about and play Tornado Farm Escape slots today! Players that like Tornado Farm Escape also like to play:V495 Carinae is a blue rotating star that can be located in the constellation of Carina. HIP49642 is the reference name for the star in the Hipparcos Star Catalogue. The Id of the star in the Henry Draper catalogue is HD88158. V495 Carinae has alternative name(s), V495_Car. The location of the star in the galaxy is determined by the Right Ascension (R.A.) and Declination (Dec.), these are equivalent to the Longitude and Latitude on the Earth. The Right Ascension is how far expressed in time (hh:mm:ss) the star is along the celestial equator. If the R.A. is positive then its eastwards. The Declination is how far north or south the star is compared to the celestial equator and is expressed in degrees. For V495 Carinae, the location is 10h 07m 56.64 and -62d13`17.2 . All stars like planets orbit round a central spot, in the case of planets, its the central star such as the Sun. In the case of a star, its the galactic centre. The constellations that we see today will be different than they were 50,000 years ago or 50,000 years from now. Proper Motion details the movements of these stars and are measured in milliarcseconds. The star is moving 007.76 ± 000.23 towards the north and -006.41 ± 000.28 east if we saw them in the horizon. V495 Carinae has a spectral type of Ap Si. This means the star is a blue star. The star has a B-V Colour Index of -0.09 which means the star's temperature has been calculated using information from Morgans @ Uni.edu at being 13,386 Kelvin. V495 Carinae has been calculated as 2.24 times bigger than the Sun.The Sun's radius is 695,800km, therefore the star's radius is an estimated 1,556,293.80.km. V495 Carinae has an apparent magnitude of 6.45 which is how bright we see the star from Earth. Apparent Magnitude is also known as Visual Magnitude. If you used the 1997 Parallax value, you would get an absolute magnitude of -0.55 If you used the 2007 Parallax value, you would get an absolute magnitude of -0.17. Magnitude, whether it be apparent/visual or absolute magnitude is measured by a number, the smaller the number, the brighter the Star is. Our own Sun is the brightest star and therefore has the lowest of all magnitudes, -26.74. A faint star will have a high number. Using the original Hipparcos data that was released in 1997, the parallax to the star was given as 3.99 which gave the calculated distance to V495 Carinae as 817.45 light years away from Earth or 250.63 parsecs. It would take a spaceship travelling at the speed of light, 817.45 years to get there. We don't have the technology or spaceship that can carry people over that distance yet. In 2007, Hipparcos data was revised with a new parallax of 4.75 which put V495 Carinae at a distance of 686.66 light years or 210.53 parsecs. It should not be taken as though the star is moving closer or further away from us. It is purely that the distance was recalculated. The star is a rotating Alpha2 Canum Venaticorum variable type which means that its size changes over time. The Variable Type is usually named after the first star of that type to be spotted. This is a some uncertainty as to the type but the type mentioned is the current variable star classification for this star. V495 Carinae brightness ranges from a magnitude of 6.000 to a magnitude of 6.000 over its variable period. The smaller the magnitude, the brighter the star. Its variable/pulsating period lasts for 4.0 days (variability). The source of the information if it has a Hip I.D. is from Simbad, the Hipparcos data library based at the University at Strasbourg, France. Hipparcos was a E.S.A. satellite operation launched in 1989 for four years. The items in red are values that I've calculated so they could well be wrong. Information regarding Stellar Age, Metallicity or Mass is from the E.U. Exoplanets. The information was obtained as of 12th Feb 2017. |Traditional Name||V495 Carinae| |Short Name||V495 Car| |Hipparcos Library I.D.||49642| |Henry Draper Designation||88158| |Absolute Magnitude||-0.55 / -0.17| |Right Ascension (R.A.)||10h 07m 56.64| |1997 Distance from Earth||3.99 Parallax (milliarcseconds)| |817.45 Light Years| |2007 Revised Distance from Earth||4.75 Parallax (milliarcseconds)| |686.66 Light Years| |Proper Motion Dec.||7.76 ± 0.23 milliarcseconds/year| |Proper Motion RA.||-6.41 ± 0.28 milliarcseconds/year| |Spectral Type||Ap Si| |Variable Star Class||Rotating| |Variable Star Type||Alpha2 Canum Venaticorum probably| |Mean Variability Period in Days||4.000| |Radius (x the Sun)||2.24| |Calculated Effective Temperature||13,386 Kelvin|We are a small 501C3 childrens non profit with a VERY limited budget. We need experienced fundraising and marketing professionals to bring your experience and enthusiasm to our fund raising efforts. We need your fresh ideas and energy to help us raise much needed funds to help children receive health care and educational assistance. We are looking to put together an Executive Committee to strictly raise funds for the organization. We are a 501c3 nonprofit corporation, so all donations are tax deductble per IRS guidelines. You can do this in our office or from your own computer with minimal time in the office. You will have plenty of support from the Executive Director, Fund raising Director, the Board and plenty of volunteers. We meet one to two times a month. Accessible health care and a good education can change a child's world. You can be part of that change. Please consider lending your skills to help America's children. Everyone in our organization are volunteers, including our full time staff. We will never use donations to be used for anything but helping children. - Customer Acquisition - Business Development & Sales Management Good Match For Teens People 55+ Group Requirements & Commitment - Background Check - Must be at least 18 - Orientation or Training - Children's Book Club volunteers... - Business Development Director... - Marketing Director - Saturday Book Club volunteers - Experienced fund raising... - Saturday events volunteers for... - Fundraising Director - School teachers, teaching... - Marketing Director needed for... - Crowdfunding project manager - Education Director - 501C3 Board of directors members - Grant writers needed - Saturday reading club volunteers - IT professional needed to bring... - Videographer needed for summer... - Web site manager10 Tips for Traveling to #SB48 The Broncos and Seahawks are busy getting ready for their trip to the Tri-State Area for Super Bowl XVLIII. Now it’s your turn! Here’s what you need to know to travel to the Super Bowl festivities! Get ready, we see some awesome #SuperMemories in your future. 1. Plan Ahead The NY/NJ Super Bowl Host Committee has been planning for nearly two years. Now it’s your turn. Head over to the Host Committee’s website for helpful tips, a packed events calendar (did someone say TLC?), local attractions and fan housing information. 2. Download the Amtrak App We have free apps for iPhone, Windows and Android phones. That means you can plan and book your Super Bowl travel throughout Amtrak’s nationwide system of trains and buses straight from your phone. You can also check the arrival and departure status of trains and display your eTicket from right in the app. 3. Know Where to Get Off On game day, several of our Northeast Corridor trains will make a special stop at Secaucus Junction for riders with Super Bowl tickets. So if you are one of the lucky ones, you’ll want to over here to check out the schedule. Our tickets must be purchased before you board the train. So jump back up to tip #2 and book away. 4. Watch the Weather Our service isn’t affected by weather as much as our friends at the airport, but it can slow your travel plans. Make sure to keep an eye on the forecast and to check your train statusat Amtrak.com or on Amtrak’s smartphone apps before leaving for the station. Also, every station and platform is different. So be sure to bring an umbrella! 5. Know Your Perks Have you signed up for Amtrak Guest Rewards yet? It lets you earn points toward free travel (and lots more) when you ride. Most importantly, it’s free! Also, some of our larger stations have special lounges for customers with sleeper car or First Class Acela accommodations. Check here to see if you’re eligible. 6. Learn the Map Once we get you to the region, you might need some help getting around. So we recommend learning the maps. Transit newbies and savvy experts could all benefit from this website that tells you how to navigate the Tri-State region for the Super Bowl. 7. Layer Up It’s the first cold weather game, so it’s going to be ... well, chilly. So take a hint from this infographic and layer up. Whether you’re headed to the game or standing on a station platform, bundling up will be essential. 8. Stay Alert If you notice something suspicious or spot an unattended bag, speak directly with an Amtrak Police officer located in your station, station personal , train crew members or simply call 911. You can also notify Amtrak Police by sending them a description of the situation via text, just text APD11 from a smartphone or to 27311 from a standard cell phone. 9. Know the Hashtags Thanks to our free onboard WiFi, you can experience all the fun of the Super Bowl before you even arrive! Be sure to join the conversation on social media using the hashtag #SB48 as you’re traveling the rails. And, of course, if you have any questions, simply use #SBQuestions. Isn’t modern technology awesome? 10. Have FUN! Yes, there will be crowds. But there will also be tons of concerts, celeb sightings and parties! When you’re partying down and leaving the driving to us, don’t forget to share your Super Bowl moments with us using the hashtag #SuperMemories. Do you have an expert tip to share with other fans going to the Super Bowl? Share it in the comments below! Read More: NFL Players Share their Super Bowl MemoriesOk. I like horror, and blood, and boobs... for I am BOONSWEET! But dammit, really, at my warm squishy core; I like all kinds of stuff. And at that "I was a child once" part of my squishy parts (ya ok this squishy thing is going a lil longer than I thought) I love me some animation. From classics like The Rescuers, Fern Gully, Emperor's New groove... To the modern Pixar exeprience, I still love me a good animated yarn. Lately, Dreamworks has really stepped up their We wanna beat Disney game. KUNG FU PANDA, and, HOW TO TRAIN YOUR DRAGON, are up there as some of my favs I've experienced as a mostly grown ass man. So this brings us to this here review. The fact that I need to mix it up a bit, I mean I don't know how much violence I can pack in me brain before I start to lose my sweet lovable self... (And I'll just wait for the crowd to stop laughing at that one). So with that in mind, gunna get a few more other genres in the mix here, get back to Boonsweet & Bucklesworth's world travelled, genre blasting, film love... and hate. Your plot. A family of cavemen, The croods (title drop), have lived their life in constant fear of impending death and doom. The eldest (Emma Stone) is at odds with the old, and funless, ways of her over protective Father (Nic "The ladies call him caveman" Cage). One night she follows a flickering light out from the cave. She finds a young man, Guy (Ryan Reynolds) who has invented fire. And is also aware the world is ending... and so her isolated, unevolved, and somewhat fearful, family must leave what they know... and discover... the world beyond there small cave... Can we just take a minute and bask in that voice talent. Deep breath. Yay. It is legit, and it shows. Nic Cage as the Father is gold. And I cannot move on without a little love tossed towards Ryan Reynolds as Guy... very impressive. |So she says "what're you slow?" And I say, no, baby, I'm Sloth.| The other plot device that makes for a great time is how strong the Croods are. They are used to solving problems with fists, and rock throwing ... so learning to use their "Brain" (Guys word for where ideas come from, gosh what are the odds?) is a rewarding experience. Ok so there are laughs, and a decent family message in here for the kiddies, and the kid in ... ALL of us (and the audience "Awwwwwwww"s) what about the animation? Well, dreamworks is no "Caveman" in the effects department. Ah, alright, that was a lil weak, but you get my point... it's pretty. They just go for crazy, and bright, and cool, and hey... I, Chuck B. Boonsweet, approve. They definitely borrowed from Avatar: The last airbender (the show not the movie people). All the animals are mixes of creatures... is that historically accurate? No. Who cares, elephant rats are the bestest. |Ok everyone, say - Primordial Ooooooooze| Lastly the direction is damn good. I have to give props where props are due. Chris Sanders (the man behind one of my all time favs - Lilo & Stitch) and Kirk De Micco (the man who he
lmed the indie animated flick - Space Chimps) do a great job cranking up the action, and basking in the 3rd dimension of awesome. Is it up there with Pixar's best? Maybe not, but Dreamworks is really starting to find there place in the market. And if you look at their worldwide box office... well, maybe the divide is not so great. This is crowd pleasing, kids will be clapping, animated fun. No over thinking, no deep social message, just the heart in the right place (surprisingly so actually, the sly bastards got me a wee bit towards the end, I ain't gunna lie)... and things that make you smile. You can ask questions like - Where did he get fire? How does he know stuff? Why are there Piranha birds? Sure... but where's the fun in that? Movie scale 3 out 5 stars Animated scale 3.5 out of 5 stars By yaself... with kiddies (yours, not ones you borrowed)... with a cartoon loving better half... whatever the reason. I think there's enough here to warrant ya time, and your 3d specs, if you are lucky enough to have a super sweet digital set up... or a friend with one... Ok, ok, last thought promise... shout out to the composer... I know these kids movies can be a little bit over-soundtracked sometimes. Or just filled with catchy pop crap. But this one... is actually kinda cool, and epicy at moments. Is epicy a word? No. Shame on you websters. So, good on you Alan Silvestri. Charles "Ladies love the Caveman" Boonsweet saying "Grrrr, ooooo, ooot, hah, grrr"... caveman for "Till next Booniacs"Looking for a hotel in Murcia? A leisure break or a business trip? Let LateRooms help you make the most of your stay with upto 50% off. Book Now. Official site of InterContinental Hotel Mar Menor Golf Resort & Spa. Feel connected through authentic, memorable experiences. Book online for the Best Price Guarantee. Book your hotel in Murcia with NH • Accommodation in Murcia City Center: the best location and the best price • Enjoy your stay in Eastern Spain with NH. HotelsCombinedTM compares all Murcia hotel deals from the best accommodation sites at once. Read Guest Reviews on 141 hotels in Murcia, Spain. The best selection of hotels in Murcia with reviews and maps. Book in advance and save. Jan 24, 2017 · Compare Prices and Book AC Hotel Murcia, Murcia on TripAdvisor: See 36 traveler reviews, 216 candid photos, and great deals for AC Hotel Murcia, ranked .... Book the Best Region of Murcia Hotels on TripAdvisor: See 22,169 traveller reviews, photos, and great deals for 149 hotels in Region of Murcia, Spain at TripAdvisor. Discover the hotel ibis Murcia. Mr Trinanes EDUARDO, the manager of the ibis Murcia hotel, would like to welcome you. The ibis hotel in Murcia is located 875 yards. Best deals: Sucina - Murcia - Spain. English (India) Book online or call 91 124 487 3878 (From abroad) ... Murcia Hotels; Sucina; All hotels in Murcia, Spain. Hotel El Churra is a 3-star hotel situated in a peaceful area nearby the ... Hotels in Spain » Hotels in Murcia. ... you will be taken to a "Complete your booking. Find the best hotel rates in Murcia at Travelzoo. Compare deals between the major hotels and travel agents using SuperSearch. Book Hotel Agalia in Murcia with &ReviewRating/&MaxReviewRating guest rating. Read 113 hotel guest reviews of Hotel Agalia and book today. Discover Barceló Hotels & Resorts in Murcia. Enjoy your holidays with exclusive services by booking now at Barcelo.com. Book in one of our 1 Campanile hotels hotels in Murcia. Close to the city center or a train station, enjoy your stay in town or in the region. Book Hotel Nelva in Murcia on Hotels.com and earn Rewards nights. Collect 10 nights get 1 free*. Read 221 genuine guest reviews for Hotel Nelva. All hotels in Murcia, Spain. 1 room, 2 adults. Destination, hotel, landmark or address. ... please contact the property using information in the booking confirmation. Book the Best Murcia Hotels on TripAdvisor: Find 5,631 traveler reviews, 3,796 candid photos, and prices for 28 hotels in Murcia, Spain. Hotels in Murcia. Book your Hotel in Murcia at the best price in hoteles-catalonia.com, the best way to meet Murcia. Phone reservations 902 301 078. Expedia.com > Hotels > Spain > Murcia Hotels. Best 5 Star Hotels in Murcia. ... Need help booking? ... The on-site restaurants at the 5 stars hotels in Murcia, Spain.... ibis Murcia Hotel Economy hotel for business and leisure. Welcome to the ibis Murcia hotel, where we hope you will enjoy a pleasant stay during your leisure or. The Tryp Murcia Rincón de Pepe is located in the centre of Murcia, only 100 metres from the cathedral and the town hall, and is perfect for discovering Murcia.Crystal Clarke, of Counsel Crystal Clarke is licensed to practice law in the Commonwealth of Virginia as well as the State of Florida. She earned her Bachelor’s of Science degree in Computational and Applied Mathematics from Rice University. While she could have pursued a lucrative career in the private sector, Crystal’s heart was to serve her country. So, immediately upon graduation, she accepted her commission as a United States Marine Corps Officer. After spending the better part of a decade in the intelligence community both as a service member and a private contractor, Crystal attended the University of Arizona Rogers College of Law, where she earned her Doctorate of Jurisprudence with a concentration of International Business and Trade. Now, after recently returning to Virginia, Crystal looks forward to planting deep roots in the Hampton Roads area where she can put her special combination of legal and analytical skills to work on behalf of her clients.FXStreet (Mumbai) - Amid holiday-moods persisting in the markets, the Asian stocks are seen posting moderate gains, with the Chinese equities attempting minor-recovery after the previous sell-off. S&P/ASX leads Asia higher The Japanese stocks are trading marginally higher this session, mainly underpinned by the tepid-recovery seen in gold, copper and oil prices. However, the index struggles to extend higher, as a stronger yen and the negative lead from the Wall Street overnight continue to weigh on the investors’ minds. Meanwhile, USD/JPY trades -0.08% at 120.30 and the Nikkei gains 0.35% to 18,938. Among other Asian indices, the Australian benchmark, S&P/ ASX index, re-opened after an extended Christmas break on a firmer note, with the energy and resource stocks boosted on the back of higher commodities’ prices. The Aussie index rises 0.83% to 5,252 so far. While the Chinese indices stage minor pullback after the sudden sell-off seen yesterday. The benchmark Shanghai Composite (SSEC) trades +0.18% around 3,540 and Hong Kong’s, the Hang Seng advances 0.32% to 21,989. For more information, read our latest forex news.It's been a couple of years since Ping launched a new style of putter across the full range of their styles, but they have really gone for it with the Ping Sigma G range. All the mathematicians among you will know that Sigma is the Greek letter used to indicate the sum of everything and the putter range certainly lives up to this, as there are 16 new models. There are some classic shapes and some new ones, but before I come on to those I will review the technology within the Sigma G. What is new is the PEBAX elastomer insert that sits in a face cavity behind an anodized 6061 aluminium face in order to provide a soft feel that does not lose any ball speed. It reminds me a little of the Isopur putters launched around 20 years ago, which also featured a synthetic insert that was white with the word Ping on it. It didn't have the aluminium face in front of it though and whilst it created a soft feel for the harder balls of the day, it also sounded a little hollow. That slight hollow feel is still there in the Sigma G insert, but it is masked by the aluminium face that keeps the majority of the sound of a metal faced putter combined with a softer feel. On balance then I think this is a good insert for those who have grown up valuing sound as a measurement of feel, especially if using a premium tour ball or a softer mid-market ball. The aluminium face also features the latest TruRoll face grooves from the Ping Vault putters that are deeper in the centre and then get shallower as they move out in order to try and minimise any loss of speed on mishits. This is a tried and trusted technology that has a lot of merit and the groove depth is another factor in creating the impact sound that you hear when you judge feel. I particularly like the fact that the insert goes right across the full width of the face The 16 styles come in a choice of platinum or black nickel finishes with opposite face insert colour to suit your mood. For some reason the platinum ones do look a little larger visually even though they are the same size. Special mention must go to the Ping PP60 Pistol grip that combines the classic pistol shape towards the top of the grip with the wider non-taper lower half of a SuperStroke 2.0 style size grip. This provides an excellent combination of feel and size and is also available in a larger PP62 or a counterbalanced CB60 version for those who want to stabilise their hands further. Overall the Sigma G is a solid range of putters with good looks and an innovative insert that we have not seen the like of from Ping for a while. Depending on the model it will be reasonably priced with an RRP of £175 to £200, so if you have an old Ping favourite that you want to upgrade to an insert model, then there should be a new version in the comprehensive Ping Sigma G range. However for now, here are my stand out Ping Sigma G models: Ping Sigma G Anser Putter I have to start with the daddy of all Ping putters. The classic shape is a little larger than standard with a full width insert that combines classic style with modern face technology. For a Slight Arc stroke and weighs 340g. Ping Sigma G Darby Putter Return of the large headed, face balanced mallet with the long alignment line parallel to the target line. I like the new set back hosel socket so you can see all of the top line of the putter and this also appears on several other models too. For a Straight Arc stroke and weighs 370g. Ping Sigma G Kinloch Putter Centre shafted, deep flange putter with butterfly trailing edge sits very well and offers a no offset, no nonsense feel. For a Slight Arc stroke and weighs 350g. Ping Sigma G Tess Putter Great to see someone still making a classic heel/toe weighted blade and even better, one with a bit of technology in there to make it more forgiving. For a Strong Arc stroke and weighs 340g. Ping Sigma G Tyne Putter A new model for Ping, but you will recognise it as one of the most popular shapes of recent times. Mid-sized shape with lovely smooth lines and the prongs are deliberately designed to be just the right width to pick up a golf ball when your putt is conceded. For a Straight or Slight Arc stroke and weighs 370g. Ping Sigma G Wolverine T Putter It looks mad, but it will claw your ball into the hole with its high MOI face balanced design. For a Straight Arc stroke and weighs 370g.Got home from work Wednesday night, poured myself a glass of Coke and sat down at the computer to check my e-mails and what-not. Jen is sitting behind me working on her laptop and we're talking, happy sounds are steadily pumping out of the iTunes. For all intents and purposes, a pretty decent and calm evening home after work with the wife and kids. Then I go and smack my Coke glass with my hand, firing caramel coloured liquid sugar all over a bunch of DVDs and CDs that sit next to my computer desk. About an hour-and-a-half later, I've cleaned up the mess with only a few minor, but significant, casualties. The Coke came off of everything without problem except for my David Bowie Black Tie, White Noise collector's set, and there was a minor smudge left on my limited edition White Limousine disc by Duncan Sheik. Two of my Buffy sets suffered some minor damage (of the so sticky it peeled variety) and the slipcase to an X-Files: Mythology set was stained as a result (brown Coke, white case). All-in-all I got off pretty easy, despite the stuff getting absolutely freakin' everywhere. I'm still a bit emotionally spent by the whole ordeal, but I'm not freaking out, as my wife pointed out, so that's a good thing. We'll see how I cope in the days and months to come.Last week I decorated the Mix 96 studios for Halloween with intentions of scarring Laura Daniels, it worked. But now it's November and I want to take in as much Christmas spirit as I can, and for me that means decorating... The holidays are the most expensive time of year with parties, gift giving, events and decorating, the list of costs goes on and on. Here are four tips to help you save money while decorating your home for the season... Every family has traditions they carry over from one generation to the next for the holidays. Some decorate the Christmas tree together, others go to Midnight Mass on Christmas Eve. The subject of holiday traditions brings us to Joe & Cheryl's Impossible Question today! Many of us will be decorating for Christmas this weekend! If you're looking for an original idea, why not try something completely new? An industrial looking wreath! I know, doesn't sound so festive but it is really cool looking! It's also not that difficult or expensive to make yourself! We have 30 shopping days until Christmas! It's time to put up the tree, hang the wreaths and be jolly! I'm looking forward to decorating the house this year, but would like a few new ideas to freshen up the festive atmosphere. It appears that you already have an account created within our VIP network of sites on . To keep your personal information safe, we need to verify that it's really you. To activate your account, please confirm your password. When you have confirmed your password, you will be able to log in through Facebook on both sites. *Please note that your prizes and activities will not be shared between programs within our VIP network. Welcome back to VIP Club It appears that you already have an account on this site associated with . To connect your existing account just click on the account activation button below. You will maintain your existing VIP profile. After you do this, you will be able to always log in to http://mix96buffalo.com using your original account information.Sometimes heroes are not all they are cracked up to be. Consider the case of Richard Whitney, whom Time magazine labeled “Hero Whitney” for his actions on October 24, 1929, the Black Thursday that marked the beginning of the Great Crash. On that day, Whitney, principal of his own brokerage firm and acting president of the New York Stock Exchange, walked onto the exchange floor, went to the post where U.S. Steel was traded and in a loud, confident voice placed a large order at $205, some $15 above its offer price. The square-jawed, striding broker then bought up shares of AT&T, Anaconda Copper, General Electric and other blue chips. Whitney was acting at the behest of a consortium of banks headed by J.P Morgan & Co. The goal was to allay the panic that had broken out in the market, and for a little while it worked. But a few days later, the Crash resumed in earnest, on Black Monday. Unlike in the Panic of 1907, when J.P. Morgan himself had rallied a recovery, the financiers this time around didn’t have enough cash or clout to prevent a collapse. But that barely begins to explain why Whitney is remembered by history as less than heroic.... Wednesday, April 29, 2009 Stock market of yore My latest piece for Research magazine, "Character Counts," focused on Richard Whitney, the 1930s forerunner to Bernie Madoff, is now online. Excerpt:In this episode of The Showrunner, we’re going to discuss three big ideas about learning that come straight from Peter C. Brown, the lead author of the Make it Stick: The Science of Successful Learning. This episode is brought to you by StudioPress Sites. The three big ideas are: - Why learning is more about pulling information out than putting it in - Why difficulty is desirable - The importance of having a growth mindset Oh, and we settle last week’s ultra-important debate about the term “gamer.” Listen to The Showrunner below ... The Show Notes - If you’re ready to see for yourself why more than 201,344 website owners trust StudioPress — the industry standard for premium WordPress themes and plugins — swing by StudioPress.com for all the details. - Amazon — Make it Stick: The Science of Successful Learning - Follow Jerod on Twitter: @jerodmorris - Follow Jonny on Twitter: @jonnastor - Showrunner FM No. 093 How to Learn (and Teach) Better Voiceover: Rainmaker FM. Jerod Morris: This is Rainmaker.FM, the digital marketing podcast network. It’s built on the Rainmaker Platform, which empowers you to build your own digital marketing and sales platform. Start your free 14-day trial at RainmakerPlatform.com. Welcome to The Showrunner, where we have one goal: teach you how to develop, launch, and run a remarkable show. Ready? Welcome back to The Showrunner. This is Episode No. 93. I am your host Jerod Morris, VP of marketing for Rainmaker Digital. I will be joined momentarily, as I always am, by my unabashedly gloating co-host, Jonny Nastor, the host of Hack the Entrepreneur. The Showrunner is brought to you by the all-new StudioPress Sites, a turnkey solution that combines the ease of an all-in-one website builder with the flexible power of WordPress. It’s perfect for bloggers, affiliate marketers, and podcasters, as well as those selling physical products, digital downloads, and membership programs. If you’re ready to take your WordPress site to the next level, see for yourself why over 200,000 website owners trust StudioPress. Go to Rainmaker.FM/StudioPress right now. Settling Last Week’s Ultra-Important Debate About the Term ‘Gamer’ Jerod Morris: Now, Jonny, you and I were just having an extremely, extremely interesting conversation here before we hit record. I would love for you to relay that to the listeners. It harkens back to last week’s discussion about what the term ‘gamer’ means. Is this more about video games, or as I suggested, is this more of a sports term for someone who maybe plays injured or comes up big in tough moments, they’re a gamer? Obviously, the responses that we had on Twitter, you won. It was unanimous. I think part of that is the audience, but either way, I should know my audience. Jonny Nastor: It’s a very smart audience. Very smart audience. Jerod Morris: I lost there. However, were we to use, say, I don’t know, the dictionary as an objective arbiter of this debate, I wonder what it might have suggested. Jonny Nastor: Interesting. Our audience is smart, and they know what a gamer is. But it was very cool of you, we asked for ... to do a poll on Twitter. We got some great feedback, and it is a video gamer. But today, I was being just extra confident, over-confident perhaps. I was going to make a funny remark back to someone on Twitter in regards to Jerod. I just Googled the definition. I was going to copy and paste it in for him, but the dictionary, the Merriam Webster’s dictionary, actually puts the first definition as a player who has game, especially an athlete who relishes competition. Then, two, is a person who plays games, especially a person who regularly plays computer or video games. But then when I Google it, it actually comes up with the top thing at the top, and it says, “Gamer. Noun. A person who plays video games or participates in role-playing games,” and then two is, “North American. Especially in sports, a person known for consistently making a strong effort.” It’s really back and forth. Our audience — the smartest audience, I believe, in the podcasting universe — fully, unanimously agreed that gamer is a video gamer, so I am gloating. But also the dictionary ... who even reads dictionaries anymore? What is this? Jerod Morris: Now, I would just say, what this shows is the reasonableness of why this became a discussion point because there were valid sides. There were valid arguments on both sides. We appreciate all of you participating. Jon appreciates your participation more than I do, but it was a fun discussion to have. Jonny, are you ready to hop in and talk about today’s topic? Jonny Nastor: Yeah. The 3 Big Ideas of Learning Jerod Morris: I’m excited about this one. We’re going to talk about learning. Actually, an hour before recording this, I just got done putting some slides together for a webinar that I’m preparing for Digital Commerce Academy. This is what spurred the idea for this episode. My guest on this webinar on Digital Commerce Academy is Peter C. Brown, who was the lead author of the book Make It Stick: The Science of Successful Learning, along with Henry Roediger and Mark McDaniel. This is a book that takes a lot of emerging research on how we actually learn and puts it into stories and explanations that we can all actually put into our real lives. Some of the advice is counterintuitive. Some of it differs from maybe what we’ve been told or what we think actually works. This really gets down to here’s what the data says actually works when it comes to learning. We can all read a book, look through a book, and so we try to learn. But did we actually retain the information, and what strategies will actually help us learn more? Not just go through the motions, but actually gain knowledge and gain skills that we can use in our daily lives, which is the whole benefit of learning. In preparing this presentation with Peter, he talked about three big ideas of learning. This is how we are going to begin the webinar. I just want to talk about them here on the podcast because I think they are very applicable in two ways. The first way is, obviously, as showrunners, we have to bring information to our audience. We have to bring knowledge and expertise of some kind. How do we gain that? That means that we have to be out there learning. So these are all techniques that we could use that we can make sure that we are learning effectively and using our time efficiently. Secondly, if we have a show, most of us are trying to teach our audience something, so how do we effectively put out our information so that people can learn it effectively? On both of these levels, the content that we talk about today will work and be helpful. I’m excited to hop into it. Jonny Nastor: Yeah. I am, too. This is cool. As we’re getting known to do, this has just been sprung on me, the topic, at the last minute, so it’s cool to sort of get an idea into this. Three big ideas about learning. All right. Let’s do it. Jerod Morris: All right, man. You’re a gamer. You’re ready for that kind of podcast competition, so I know that you’ll be ready for this episode. All right, so here we go. Let’s talk. Let’s run down these three big ideas. The first big idea is learning works by getting it out, not in. This is one of the more counterintuitive ideas that Peter talks about. Idea number two is that difficulty is desirable. Idea number three is that a growth mindset motivates. Let’s go through these one by one. #1: Why Learning Is More About Pulling Information Out Than Putting It In Jerod Morris: Let’s start at the top with learning works by getting it out, not in. We often think that ... like for example, I read this book Make It Stick. Now, did the learning actually happen while I read that book, or did the learning actually happen after reading the book when I had to retrieve the information? There were many times when I needed to retrieve the information. On the initial call that I had with Peter. When I was going down, getting the slides. Right now, as I’m talking about this. When did the learning actually happen? I’ll be curious, Jon, just to get your first instinct. When did the actual learning take place? Was it when I read the book or in all the times since when I have re-engaged with the ideas? Jonny Nastor: Is it either or? Is it black and white? Jerod Morris: It’s a bit of trick question. Obviously, you have to take in the information at first. But what the research shows is that for the learning to actually turn into something that you can use and that really embeds itself in your memory and something, again, that becomes useful to you later, it’s all about the retrieval that comes later. Maybe through a quiz. Maybe through talking about it and trying
to teach it to someone else. Maybe through preparing a webinar where you’re going to be teaching this information. That act of retrieval of the information is where you’re actually building the new neural pathways in the brain. It’s attaching itself to other parts, to other contexts within your mind. That’s where you can actually now use the information, and you’ve really learned it. Otherwise, I would have read this book, but unless I just have a photographic memory, I guess, the information would soon fade. I wouldn’t have really learned anything. But through this active retrieval and through actually interacting with the information, I have actually embedded it in my memory and am able to use it in useful ways. That’s the basic point, explained by Peter much more elegantly than I just did, but that’s the main idea. Jonny Nastor: So learning is active rather than passive? Jerod Morris: Yes, and it is about retrieval rather than just ingestion. There are lots of studies that they did. Actually, let me pull one up right now because I can probably describe this better. Jonny Nastor: Ingestion in this sense would be passive, right? Jerod Morris: Yeah. For example, in one study, they had people learn a 50-word list over eight trials. For one set of people, it was four study sessions and then four sessions of retrieval, like quizzing or flashcards, that kind of thing. For the second one, it was six study sessions and two sessions of retrieval. Then, for the other one, it was eight study sessions and then no retrieval, so it was just like looking at the list and kind of studying the list. What they found was that 48 hours later, the people who actually practiced, the people who had the four sessions of retrieval, it actually stuck better. They remembered the words in that list more. The recall probability was actually 39 percent for the people who had the four sessions of retrieval and the four study sessions. Twenty-five percent for the people who had the two retrieval sessions and the six study sessions, and 17% for the people who had no retrieval sessions and eight study sessions. Again, with the idea being that you can actually recall more later, use this information more later ... again, one of the other concepts here is interspersing it. So it’s not just like study it and then all this retrieval, but it’s maybe study it, retrieval, study, retrieval, study, retrieval. Interspersing it, mixing it up, encountering the information in different ways helps to solidify it in your mind, helps you to recall it, and helps you to be able to use it in a more meaningful way. Jonny Nastor: Right, so this can be empowering for us as showrunners, as us like content creators, I would think. Correct me if I’m wrong, Jerod. But if we go back to choosing your character and the adventurer — the adventurer is how I see you and I for The Showrunner. We just need to be a step or two ahead of our audience and trying to figure stuff out by actively trying what we take in as information. Then, by having to digest this and put it into a framework to then teach out in the show, we actually learn more from it. That keeps us further ahead, which allows us to be the adventurers to go out into the podcasting world, figure stuff out, try it, and then ingest it. But also figure out, “How do I turn this into an educational thing for our audience?” — which benefits us and the audience at the same time. So it’s this act, right? Jerod Morris: Yeah, totally. Jonny Nastor: It’s not like you have to be an expert. It’s just thinking of teaching, not in the sense that you are like a doctorate in podcasting ... you are just barely in front of maybe your audience. It’s the act of working to teach it properly that allows us to actually learn more about the subject. Jerod Morris: Yep. Teaching is learning, in a sense. By teaching, we’re solidifying more. Jonny Nastor: It takes me like eight minutes to say. You’re like, “Teaching is learning.” Yeah, that would’ve been an easier to say it. Jerod Morris: Okay, but remember, I’ve been working with this information a lot longer. That’s why it’s maybe a little bit more clear in my head, whereas right when I read the book, that wasn’t the case. The other thing to remember here is — and maybe this is something that we want to think about doing with The Showrunner — how do we, then, work with our audience? We just did an episode last week and an episode before that. How do we recall some of those concepts and bring them back? Could we do a pop quiz at the beginning of every episode, asking people questions about last week’s episode? Because, now, if we ask them those questions, they’re going to have to go back and think back a little bit, re-engage with that information. We could do it after the episode. There are different ways. Maybe in the weekly emails. There are maybe different ways that we could actively encourage retrieval, and I haven’t thought of any. It’s not like we have any even prepared for this episode, but that’s the other thing to think about. How these concepts that you’re teaching, how can you help encourage your audience to encounter them more, to try and retrieve them in their own mind to help them sink in a little bit more? That’s where a lot of the learning happens. Jonny Nastor: Absolutely. To play the other side of it, we have to stay focused on our audience and not on ourselves and what we want for our audience and impose that upon them necessarily. Lots of people, myself included I think sometimes, even though I’m listening to a ‘educational podcast’ or topic or something I’m into when I’m walking my dog, sometimes I just want passive listening. I just want to be entertained. Even if it’s a deep topic, I don’t want to be quizzed. Do you know what I mean? Sometimes, it’s like wanting to just sit down and watch Netflix. Yes, it’s completely passive. Even if I’m watching a science show, I’m not really learning because — you just said, and it makes sense — we’re not trying to retrieve that. It feels like, “Well, at least I’m not watching trash,” but I’m not trying to actually learn to be quizzed on it. If we’re in an education sequence, if somebody buys a course from us, we want to make sure they’re engaging and retrieving. But sometimes, we have to be aware of the fact that some people out there just want to listen passively, and that’s cool. Jerod Morris: That’s a great point. So think about this. What if in the weekly email, you harken back to the previous week’s episode and asked a few questions. Just say, “Hey, want to take the quiz on last week’s episode?” or something. Make it an option for people. Jonny Nastor: That’s cool. Jerod Morris: If you’ve explained the whole idea. Now, again, they would have to understand this premise of what we’re talking about right now with learning to be motivated, but that is part of it. We won’t get into it in this episode, but teaching your audience, it kind of goes in with the growth mindset actually, which we’ll get to here in a minute. #2: Why Difficulty Is Desirable Jerod Morris: Then this leads us into number two, difficulty is desirable. The more that we struggle with information, the more that we struggle to learn, the more that it actually sinks in, and the more that it embeds itself, which is, of course, the goal. A lot of times we, naturally, will recoil from that difficulty. If the topic feels like it’s a little bit beyond us, it’s like, “Well, I’m not ready for this yet. I’m not going to learn it.” But again, one of the things that research has shown is that when you really struggle through learning something, it is really going to help you. That difficulty is good. Let’s say that you’re getting ready to go to a training seminar for how to put together a dishwasher. I don’t know why that example popped into my head, but it just popped into my head. Do you have any experience with putting together dishwashers? I don’t. I don’t know the first thing. Jonny Nastor: You’re right. This is totally random. Jerod Morris: Yeah. I don’t know the first thing about putting together a dishwasher, so I would have zero context. If I went to a seminar on putting together a dishwasher, I would be totally lost. But imagine if, before doing that, I took apart my dishwasher at home. Now, I would really struggle through this. I wouldn’t know what I’m doing. It would be ridiculous. My wife would probably hate me because we wouldn’t be able to wash dishes. Jonny Nastor: “And now you’re leaving for the weekend to go to a seminar about it?” Jerod Morris: Yeah, exactly. Of course, I would learn something very important there, which is never take the dishwasher apart again. But imagine now, when I go to the seminar, how much more ready to learn I will actually be. I’ll understand a little bit more of the context. So I’ve struggled with this really difficult part, but it starts to get a little bit easier. This difficulty is actually desirable and will help the information really sink in. If we embrace that difficulty, and part of the way that we embrace it is understanding this growth mindset, which we’ll talk about, but if we embrace that difficulty ... and it’s the same thing with what you were just explaining. Trying to be a step or two ahead of your audience. Go a little bit outside of your comfort zone. Learn something that you don’t know. Even try and explain something that you’re not 100 percent sure of, kind of like I’m doing right now on this podcast. Again, you can’t go on a show that your audience is expecting you to say something reasonable and just totally fumble around with it. But that difficulty, for you especially while learning, is actually going to be helpful. It’s going to be better in the long run. That difficulty is something to walk toward, not to avoid is the main point. Jonny Nastor: It’s totally verified within my head as you’re saying this because these episodes where we just make three points, now let’s do a half hour, and we really sort of work through it live, these are the ones that stick with me. These are the ones that totally change some sort of way I think, and then I take it other places in my day to day, which is interesting. Not like, “Well, there’s our 12 points already completely written out. Let’s read it off.” It’s kind of like, “What was last week’s topic? I can’t remember it,” but the ones we do this, there it is. Because it’s true — we used to really avoid these because of the difficulty, these ones. Now we’re just like, “Oh, let’s do it.” It’s either, half hour, it’s going to be good, or we’ll just trash it. Jerod Morris: This isn’t to say that you should use your show as just a place where you’re only thinking about your own education so that you’re fumbling through explanations. Again, you’ve got to come to it with something, and something meaningful. In this case, I feel comfortable enough explaining this information to explain it in a way that people will get something out of it. I know through your experience that, just with the context that I’ll explain, you’ll have interesting points to make. That’s obviously important as you’re planning your show. Again, that point is this difficulty can actually be helpful in you learning something. It works the same way if you’re actually learning something physically, too ... like if you want to be a better putter. If you go out and you want to improve your putting from 20 feet out, there’s a school of thought that says just take up 200 putts. Or like with basketball with free throw shooting, want to become a better free throw shooter? Take 100 free throws in a row. I guess you can learn a little bit from that, but what’s actually better is mixing it up. That’s harder because you can get in a real rhythm, especially shooting free throws, just one after the other. You feel like you’re locking it into that muscle memory, but what actually helps you do that more is to space it out — what’s called interleaving. Instead of just taking 120-foot putts, over and over again, take 10 from 20 feet, and then go to 30 feet. Then go to 10 feet, and move it around. Go to some different angles. Mixing it up will actually help more in the long run. It will be a little bit more uncomfortable while you’re doing it, but that difficulty will help you actually learn the skill and the underlying concept more than just, “Hey, in this moment, I’ve really practiced this, and I’ve got the feeling down.” Same thing with like memorizing a long string. You can cram like 10 minutes before and really try to memorize this thing and then regurgitate it out on a piece of paper, but have you learned it? That’s the key. Have you learned it in the way that you can actually use it? That’s what we’re talking about here is how to do that with information or skills because it applies to both. Again, we are really buzzing over the surface of this, but I highly recommend the book Make It Stick. Just search for Make It Stick anywhere that books are available. It is a book that, in many ways, can transform how you think about learning because so much of what they talk about in there is counterintuitive to what we think and what we’ve been told. Jonny Nastor: From dishwashers to golf, to basketball, back to golf. I don’t know where we’re going to go with point three, but kind of looking forward to it. The analogies that are being used right now are fascinating. Jerod Morris: Hey, I do want to remind everybody to go to StudioPress Sites also and check it out. If you’re a podcaster and you’re looking to build your platform or maybe you’re looking to change where your platform is hosted, I really think that you should give StudioPress Sites a try. As I mentioned at the beginning, it is a turnkey solution. It’s fully hosted. Your security stuff is all taken care of. All of that is taken care of, along with all the design options that you get and then the preferred plugins that are suggested there for you. It really is a neat solution for anybody who’s building a website, but especially podcasters. If you go to Rainmaker.FM/StudioPress, you can see the two different plans that are available. Look at those two different plans. See which one is right for you, and then give it a try. You’re not locked into anything. Nothing like that, but you can give it try. See if it’s the right fit for you. For a lot of people, it has proven to be, so I did want to make one more mention of that. You can do that at Rainmaker.FM/StudioPress. #3: The Importance of Having a Growth Mindset Jerod Morris: Jonny, you are familiar, I am certain, and many of our listeners are certainly familiar with Carol Dweck’s work on the growth versus the fixed mindset, correct? Jonny Nastor: Yes, absolutely. Jerod Morris: This is where this third element comes from. A growth mindset motivates. Why does a growth mindset motivate? Maybe we should summarize real quick the difference between a growth and a fixed mindset. A fixed mindset is essentially where you think that your skills are fixed and aren’t really going to grow or develop with work. Someone with a growth mindset really understands that they get out what they put in. Whatever they’ve achieved, whatever success they have had, it isn’t just because of something that they are naturally born with or naturally have. It’s because they’ve really worked to develop this, that, or the other skill. The reason why a growth mindset motivates is it gives us the belief that our actions, what we study, what we work at, we can really improve. Obviously, we are going to be more motivated to do something that we think we’re going to get a return on the investment that we’re putting in. If we feel like our intelligence is fixed, we’re just kind of as smart as we are, and this is hard, we’re not really going to struggle with it because we kind of think, “Well, all right. Maybe this isn’t something that I can learn.” Someone with a growth mindset understands the value of that work, the impact that work can have, and believes that they will benefit from it and become better from it down the road. You can see how that first mindset is going to be less likely to stick with and struggle with information, work, or a new skill, whereas the growth mindset really would be willing to. That has been proven time and time again to be much more effective when it comes to learning and growth. That’s the basic idea there. I bumbled through it a little bit, but pretty fair description, contrast between the two? Jonny Nastor: Yeah. I think it’s totally. Honestly, I have such a hard time getting my mind around the fixed mindset and how somebody could have that mindset. Like, “You honestly believe that every trait, skill, and intelligence level that you have from a young age, those innate things are just ... that’s all you get?” Jerod Morris: It’s like anything. It’s a scale. There’s growth on one side, fixed on the other side. It’s not like everybody is black or white, in one category or the other. It probably shifts for some people, depending on what it is, too. Some people may have a growth mindset when it comes to intellectual work, but they don’t have a growth mindset when it comes to physical fitness just because of their experience, how they are raised, or for any number of different reasons. So it can depend. But I think specifically when it comes to learning, a growth mindset in a particular skill is probably important to, say, motivate someone to do the hard, sometimes dirty work that it takes to improve in that skill. That’s important. Jonny Nastor: Yeah, it is. I can’t think of any skill worth learning, getting, or mastering, if you will, that wouldn’t take a lot of hard work — difficult work, too. The stuff that’s hard and could be embarrassing when you’re no good at it, but you got to work through all that stuff. That certain amount of bad radio in you as a podcaster, all that stuff, you have to have the mindset that you can push through that stuff. You can go back to the beginning of any of our podcasting careers and have absolute proof that this is true. I wouldn’t even want to listen to that stuff now, I’m sure, from years and years ago, of me finally sitting down to record in front of a microphone, but it’s proof that it can. It is motivating. Basically, if you want to do this, if you want to build that show or build that audience, all those things are attainable to you if you do enough work, you stop just passively trying to learn these things and actually switch to actively, and then take directly onto the difficulty. Jerod Morris: Here’s another quote from Carol Dweck herself that kind of sums up the difference, too. She says, “Those with the growth mindset found setbacks motivating. Not only weren’t they discouraged by failure, they didn’t even think they were failing. They thought they were learning.” That, I think, is the other distinction because someone with a fixed mindset is going to look at a mistake as a failure. Like, “I messed up.” Like, “Okay. I’m supposed to be smart, and I didn’t get this. I failed. And this somehow impacts like my personal view of myself, my self-identity.” Whereas someone who has a growth mindset, they’re just thinking, “Hey, I’m constantly evolving. I’m constantly changing and improving. So okay, I messed this up, but this is moving me toward learning. This is moving me toward success, so it’s not even a failure. If anything, it’s a temporary failure, but it’s a means toward a greater end.” They take that with a different attitude. That’s almost the difference between these two is the attitude with which you approach that inevitable failure when you’re learning something new, which brings us back to the difficulty being desirable. And again, takes us all the way back to the first big idea about learning, which is that learning isn’t about that first step. It’s not about the ingestion in. It’s not about your coach telling you, “Here’s how to swing a golf club,” and you’ve just taken that in. It’s about the actual getting it out and swing after swing after swing, and swings in different locations, swings in all different ways that you can then retrieve that information. That’s where it starts to get locked in. When you have all three of these together — this understanding of the importance of retrieval, a recognition of the desirability of difficulty, and then a growth mindset underlying it all — this is where you can really unlock the power of learning. That’s not just me saying it. It’s not just Peter Brown and these authors coming up with theories. This is actually data-backed research and advice that just works. To me, it does makes sense. Once you actually read it and lay it out, it does make intuitive sense, but it does fly in the face a little bit of what we might think intuitively and, in some ways, what we’ve been told about learning. Jonny Nastor: Very cool. Jerod Morris: Anything else to add before we close up shop? Jonny Nastor: I don’t think so. I think we kind of nailed it. Not like nailed it as in like we’re awesome. Jerod Morris: Well, okay. Jonny Nastor: I mean nailed the topic. I think it’s good. It’s got me thinking. It’s cool. Really covering topics of thought and spending time thinking and now learning. It’s cool. Jerod Morris: Yes. If you do want to kind of have fun with this idea, send us a Tweet. Don’t rewind. Don’t do anything like that, but send us a Tweet, and let us know the three big ideas. Can you recall them? See if you can retrieve them real quick. What were the three ideas that we just talked about? We’re not going to make these post-episode pop quizzes a recurring thing here on the episode, but it would be really interesting to know and maybe just a good test for yourself for how much, listening through this episode, you can retain. But again, learning is about getting it out, not just getting it in. Let’s give you an opportunity to do that. Send us a Tweet @JerodMorris, @JonNastor. Let us know what the three big ideas were about learning — #gamer. Put that on there because, if you do this, you’re a gamer. You’re down for the challenge of competition. You understand that the difficulty ... wait, I’m about to give one of them away. All right. Let’s get out of here before I give all three of them away and render the quiz useless. Jonny Nastor: Yeah, it’s been fun. Jerod Morris: One other thing that we do want to make mention is that we have a really great report for you and a really cool series of emails that we think will help you. This is really geared toward people who are thinking about launching a podcast. I do think that there is something useful there for people if you’re a little bit more experienced. But we have gotten some feedback from people, frankly, that it’s not as great a fit for people who maybe are a little bit more experienced, a little bit further down the road in your podcasting, so that’s okay. We wanted to be transparent about that just because that’s some of the feedback that we’re getting, but if you’re in the process of, say, defining your audience or you’re not even familiar yet with what the different paths to monetization are for a podcast, you’re looking to get equipment, some basic equipment to get started, then this really will be for you. If you go to Showrunner.FM/Report, you will get the free 9-Step Beginner’s Guide to Launching a Podcast, along with a great series of emails that ask you some other important questions that you should be asking yourself as you go through the process of launching a podcast. Again, go to Showrunner.FM/Report, and don’t ever forget to turn your phones on mute before you start recording a podcast. I don’t know if you could hear that, but my phone just went off. Jonny Nastor: I didn’t hear it. Jerod Morris: Oh, well then I shouldn’t have said anything. Edit that out, Toby. Edit me out. Jonny Nastor: All the way back to the beginning, Toby. Jerod Morris: All right. We will talk to you next week on another brand-new episode of The Showrunner. Jonny Nastor: Take care.Our swim team competed in the first round of interschool swimming at the Coburg Olympic Swimming Pool recently. It was great to see the students excited to swim, with our biggest team in a few years competing on the day. Our students produced outstanding results with nine students finishing 1st, 12 students finishing 2nd and 11 students finishing 3rd. Our Senior Boys Basketball team played a friendly game against St Monicas College in March. The game was a close affair for the first half with only a couple of points in it. The second half saw St Monicas pull away and win comfortably. The students played well for their first time as a team. With the game played in a competitive but friendly spirit all students had a good time. Tryouts and then training for the senior boys’ basketball team begin early term 2. Look out for notices in the bulletin. Senior Boys Basketball Coach The intermediate tennis team took the trip down to Epping Tennis Club to take part in the District Summer Sports Competition in February. The girls were very enthusiastic despite many of them playing tennis for the first time. They struggled early against some very difficult opposition but recorded their first win in the final game of the day. Congratulations and thanks to Jessie Hulett, Harley-Rose Luczkowski, Shannon Veit & Gemma Wilson. The Year 8 Girls volleyball team recently took part in the 2015 District Summer Sports Competition. The girls had worked extremely hard in the weeks prior, recruiting and trying to get enough players to make up a team. The Year 7 boys volleyball team took part in the 2015 District Summer Sports Competition. The boys started the day well with a convincing win over Epping but struggled against some of the other schools despite some very close games. Thanks go to William Spriggs, Luke Taylor, Christopher Avramopoulos, Robbie Barnard, Mitchell Robertson, Brock Palling & John Ismail for their efforts and great sportsmanship. The Year 7 camp to Howqua was a great experience for our 150 students who attended in March. Activities the students experienced were Horse Riding, Flying Fox, Survivor, Archery, High Ropes among many others. The School Captains attended on Wednesday along with Assistant Principal Tania Pearson which provided much entertainment for the Year 7 students. The following are some reflections form some students who attended the camp. Camp Howqua Reflections from 7D Year 8 Art students constructed clay busts inspired by Chinese born Australian artist, Ah Xian
. Xian uses decorative motifs derived from his Chinese heritage. Students were asked to decorate their busts with Australian motifs and designs that reflect Australian culture, landscape or icons. Host Families are Required For Japanese Students We are fortunate to have 12 Japanese students visit in August. Each year a group of students from Japan make the Journey to Australia and are here with us for a period of six days, staying with families from our College. A rough itinerary for the exchange students is: Day 1 (Friday 31st July) –- Arrive at Whittlesea Secondary College Welcome ceremony and lunch, host families invited. In the afternoon, exchange students go to class with Australian host students. Sir Paul Nurse took the stage at the Melbourne Convention Centre on March 10 to lead the 2015 Graeme Clark Oration. Luckily enough students from theCollege were invited to be in the audience to hear about anew step in science and all the amazing opportunities that surround us by the Nobel Laureate. During his speech he spoke about his work on cell reproduction. He has been a geneticist and cell biologist for many years and has done major work on understanding how the cell cycle is controlled and how cell shape and cell dimensions are determined.What does OV mean in Sports? This page is about the meanings of the acronym/abbreviation/shorthand OV in the field in general and in the Sports terminology in particular. Find a translation for OV in other languages: Select another language: What does OV mean? - Orange Group, OV(noun) - a terrorist group of Protestants who oppose any political settlement with Irish nationalists; a paramilitary group that attacks Catholic interests in Northern IrelandNow that my new cable company is providing me with the works for less than $15 a month, including a digital video recorder, I find myself wasting more time watching television while doing other work. One of the shows I can’t get enough of is The Office. While the characters are a bit exaggerated, there is a lot in their personalities that relates to real people in real businesses. One of my co-worker’s favorite characters is Dwight Schrute. He’s a bit of an eccentric, but he’s the best salesman in the branch and he’s extremely loyal to his boss. He’s also completely ridiculous, and his philosophy on tipping is only one example. Unlike the financial lessons from House, Dwight presents a multitude of examples of selfish and short-sighted financial decisions. On tipping: Dwight drives a 1987 Pontiac Grand Am. He has restored the vehicle himself, a decision that might save him some money rather than going to a mechanic. On the other hand, his car reportedly gets only eight miles per gallon. His boss, Michael Scott, doesn’t appreciate the admiration that Dwight pours on. While Dwight thinks he’s doing the right thing, he’s a little out of touch with the interpersonal skills he needs in order to move forward at Dunder Mifflin. Speaking of Michael Scott, he’s isn’t a shining example of a manager. In fact, he was one of the best salesmen at Dunder Mifflin, and that’s the basis on which he was made a regional manager. This actually translates well to real life: the best salesmen don’t always have the management skills. In The Office, Michael tries to lead by being a friend and using humor, but both types of attempts usually fall short. He is also a bit selfish. For one holiday party, Michael organized a “Secret Santa” gift exchange with a spending limit of $20. He went above and beyond his own limit by purchasing a video iPod for his Secret recipient. However, when he was unsatisfied with the home-made gift from his Secret Santa, he decided to turn the gift exchange into a “White Elephant” (or “Yankee swap”), in which one person can “steal” the gift from another. Everyone obviously wanted the iPod, the only gift worth more than $20. If there’s anything to learn from The Office, it’s not to be a selfish jerk about money. Updated June 23, 2016 and originally published July 15, 2007.Next time you happen to pass within 100 yards of a LUSH store and catch yourself breathing deeply of its fragrant aroma (“ah...”), I encourage you to follow your nose and stop by. The company just reformulated a few of its most popular products, making them from hence forth “self-preserving.” So — self-preserving — what does that actually mean? Well, it’s LUSH lingo for “We reformulated a few of our bestselling products to make them more natural.” LUSH removed the synthetic preservatives, which were already pretty minimal (small amounts of methylparaben and proplyparaben), according to LUSH product trainer Jeff Brown, and replaced them with preservatives that the average person can actually pronounce, like honey, clay, cocoa butter, vegetable glycerin and sea salt...and tofu (say wha?!). They also reduced the water content in the products, which they did to discourage bacterial growth. Less water means less space for microorganisms to multiply. Dream Cream is $26.95 for an 8.4-oz. jar; Ocean Salt is $21.95 for a 4.2-oz. jar and $35.95 for an 8.8-oz. jar; and Mask of Magnaminty is $12.95 for a 4.4-oz jar and $24.95 for a 11.1-oz. jar. All three products are available now at LUSH counters, stores and online at lushusa.com.i love her im in her class so i check back every so often and i wana say that she chechs on this too so do be that mean cause she helps me and other people Ms. Glovack is the best! She is so helpful to us and has a lot of patience. I looove her! She is the best teacher ever and people who say bad things about her are so stupid!! Ms. Glovack is really nice and we think she was dating Mr. Solomen the core teacher on team 61..LOL I want her job! I want to get paid to stand in Mr. Banner's class and not do anything, also! (im not in resouce) Um, ok, did you not all get the point that she is THERE to help the resource room kids IF they need help?? She's not there to babysit you. She is really nice. She is so nice. i'm in sixth grade and i really enjoy her as the english sub.... i'm not in resourse but she's sooo nice!!! ms glovac is the nicest teacheer ever she is sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo coooooooooooooooooooooolStaveley face the biggest game in their history on Saturday when they entertain Rye United in the fourth round of the FA Vase. The Koolsport North Counties East Division One leaders, with a run of 20 wins, three draws and one defeat behind them, are in confident mood but their Sussex County League opponents are also on a high as they come to Inkersall Green with a 14 match unbeaten run. Staveley have beaten Atherton (4-1), Ramsbottom (1-0), Pickering (1-0) and Leeds (4-1) in the Vase so far while Rye, who have only lost twice in the league, have won all their five ties away from home. There should be a big crowd and I’m expecting a tip-top tie that could go either way. In the League, goals from Damms, Coy and Jones gave them a 3-1 win at Shirebrook Town and Dams and Tahar found the net in a 2-1 success at Grimsby Borough. Tahar was again on target, along with Thornton, in Tuesday’s 2-1 home win over Leeds Carnegie which extended their lead at the top to seven points. Staveley host Glasshoughton Welfare next Tuesday. Handsworth started their week with a 3-1 home victory over second-placed Yorkshire Amateurs with new signing Mick Godber scoring twice on his debut as Fretwell completed a good night. Then, in stark contrast, they crashed to a shock 1-0 defeat at Glasshoughton Welfare to make it six away losses out of 10 but they stay fifth in the table after four of the top six teams all lost. They visit Leeds Carnegie on Saturday and bottom club Appleby Frodingham visit Olivers Mount next Wednesday. In the Premier Division the weather helped no one at Sandygate as visitors Parkgate beat Hallam 3-2 but for the second time in four days I saw a Chesterfield referee have a dreadful game that almost ruined a good afternoon. Parkgate took a two goal lead through Lipka and Griffin but a ‘ridiculous’ penalty, converted by Jordan, gave Hallam a lifeline and Reynolds equalised in the second half before a scrambled goal by Swindells gave Parkgate the points. They remain in second place while a gallant Hallam, for whom new Sheffield Club signing Ryan Davis was outstanding, remain next to bottom. Then on Tuesday Hallam entertained bottom club Liversedge in a game that was crucial to both sides and despite goals from Asquith and Longhurst, the home side crashed to a 4-2 defeat that left them at the foot of the table and with a massive mountain to climb to avoid relegation. Hallam host Hall Road Rangers on Saturday. Meanwhile Parkgate’s promotion credentials will be severely tested over the next few days. They feature in the Game of the Day on Saturday when leaders Farsley Celtic come to Green Lane followed by the visit of in-form Maltby Main next Tuesday in what should be a great derby battle. Maltby’s great run continued last Saturday when a goal on 80 minutes by Warren gave them the lead over Long Eaton United only for their rivals to equalise three minutes from time. It’s now eight matches without defeat for fifth-placed Miners who visit Brighouse Town on Saturday before next week’s Parkgate showdown. Dinnington Town suffered a double blow when leading scorer Michael Blythen signed for Retford United and then their game with fellow strugglers Arnold Town was called off. They entertained high flying Tadcaster Albion on Tuesday and despite a magnificent display by keeper Luke Hands, they slipped to a 3-1 defeat with Hobson scoring their consolation goal. It’s crunch time on Saturday when bottom club Liversedge are the visitors. The Evo-Stik League continues to haunt our two clubs as Sheffield FC slumped to their biggest league defeat of the season and Stocksbridge Park dropped into the relegation zone. Club’s new signing Nathaniel Foster hit their lone goal in the 4-1 home defeat against Rainworth Miners Welfare and to add to their woes Gascoigne was sent off. Then on Tuesday night I travelled with them to Durham City for a second round League Cup tie in which eight of their 14 man squad were from the Under-19s. The 3-1 defeat was harsh - Gascoigne got their goal - but the main talking point was Durham’s plastic pitch and how much longer will it be before the FA outlaw them? On Saturday Sheffield travel to Quorn FC and entertain Kidsgrove Athletic next Tuesday. Stocksbridge suffered an unlucky 4-3 defeat at Nantwich Town where they had defenders Hawes, Haigh and forward Stirrup all carried off before half-time but goals by Marrison, two and Stirrup gave them a fighting chance which slipped away minutes before the end. They now have a desperate relegation fight on their hands after four games without a win and it all starts on Saturday when they visit Burscough while Matlock Town are the visitors next Tuesday.It is the official first week of September, which means Spring has sprung here in the sunny southern hemisphere. As my sinuses get clogged worse than the M1 highway with a broken-down tuck in the middle lane, I’ve dedicated this month (and Patreon) to lurid tales sure to make you squirm. No red roses and blue violets tilting towards the sun’s rays here. The goal for the month is to write ten, 3000 word short stories (30 000 words), that’s two-and-a-half shorts a week (we’ll make it three). One of these shorts will receive a sparkling macabre cover and PDF version for your enjoyment. More exciting stuff swirling to the surface later on in the month. This first week is dedicated to Serial Killers. The who, what, when, why, how of it all, twisted into razor sharp tales twisting through your gut in the dead of night. I haven’t delved into true horror in a while so I can only wonder what will manifest. Patreons, feel free to send suggestions, ideas, and what-nots for your own personal creation. It doesn’t even have to be related to my Spring Death theme. Non-patreons, you have an opportunity to own an exclusively written short story of your creation to show off from just $1. *wink wink, nudge nudge* I will be submitting most of these stories for publishing, while others will be set aside for my personal as well as my Patreon anthology. Fun times ahead. If you love horrors, you’re going to be in for a treat. I apologize in advance for my non-horror readers; please bear with me for the month.There’s a special secret hidden place in the library at my school. My best friend told me about it before she graduated, before she moved away to England. To get to the hidden place, you leave the first floor of the library to go up the stairs and cross to the right through the tables and the uncomfortable wooden chairs and the soft padded chairs that it’s impossible to do homework and stay awake in, and you enter the forest of bookshelves. You walk through the bookshelves all the way till it looks like you’re at the edge of the building, till the rustling of pages and the gentle flirting of students and the clicking of pens fades behind you into nothingness, and just when you think you’ll never find the hidden place, the wall opens out more, just in the back corner, and there are more bookshelves. And if you walk past them, very quietly so no one follows you, you can see the hidden place tucked away in the very, very top back corner of the library. It’s just a little ugly wooden desk in the corner all by itself, hidden away in the back corner behind the last of the bookshelves, with a misplaced-looking antique lamp that’s actually rather pretty on top and an ugly gray swivel-chair to go with the ugliness of the wooden desk. But the afternoon light comes drifting down soft and mellow and burnished gold through the bookshelves and touches that hidden place with magic, and somehow the ugly gray swivel chair doesn’t look ugly anymore. And you can go sit in it and lay down your heavy book-bag and pull on the chain of the lamp, and an amber-honey glow lights up the desk and touches your face and makes you glad to be alive. It’s quiet there. So quiet. But a good kind of quiet. It’s not the silence that rings in your car when you’re driving home from finding out you didn’t make the cast list. It’s not the silence that yawns around you when you finally realize that a friend has betrayed you, made you look like a fool. It’s not the silence that sinks in the pit of your stomach when you’re alone in your room and hungry and miserable but you won’t eat because you’re starving on purpose. This quiet isn’t empty. It’s a quiet filled with the silent voices of all the books keeping you company on the shelves. It’s a quiet filled with the scent of their book glue, old and safe and sweet in the air, and with the sights of the book-spines in leathery gold-embossed straight rows, begging for you to trace your fingers softly across them. And you can sit at that desk and pull your brown sweater closer around you and open your thick hardbound anthologies and be glad there’s such a thing as required reading. And even your annoying little paperback textbooks that you don’t care about and wish you hadn’t had to buy, seem a little more worth your while. And every once in a while, if you lose yourself far enough, you can feel for one moment like you’re in England. Or every once in a very, very long while, if you’re very lucky and if the light falls just the right way and the books with their silent book-voices are in just the right mood, you can think for an instant that you’ve made it into a faerie-tale.some travel tips. 7 February 2011 § 3 Comments This trip is about you, not your stuff. take only what you need, but take something to keep you going, too – a novel, a notebook, a deck of cards – because travel isn’t always rabid excitement. But when you need to move, and you will, don’t let your baggage weigh you down. know your flights. I woke up in an Amsterdam hostel, groggy and gradually piecing together the previous night. I knew I had a transatlantic flight late in the afternoon, but until then, I was free. I went about starting my day. Over breakfast, someone at the hostel asked me when my flight was. I thought I was making a big deal out of the question by awkwardly looking in my notebook for the answer. Only a minute before I’d been so sure. My flight was at 11:05 a.m. It was 10:47. know where your passport is, always. You don’t want that guilty feeling of having an armed border agent looking down at you as you fumble through your jacket and bag on the train, looking for your passport. Or worse, getting to hostel at the end of a busy day to find your wallet missing. The wise traveler keeps their eggs in whatever basket they choose, but keeps a sharp fucking eye on that basket. I won’t give you bullshit guidelines to follow – I’m not Lonely Planet. But if there’s anything my experience has taught me, I wish for you to learn it also: spend some time in the places you go. Don’t rush your trip to get to the next city or attraction. Chill. Let it be. Sleeping in a different place every night for weeks or months on end starts to suck. (Of course, wilderness travel is of a different sort, and obviously doesn’t apply here.) Hovering through places without getting to know them can be a lesson in self-discovery (or self-loathing), but it rarely makes for much connection. put away the guidebook. This is an important one, because it’s a little more complicated than just putting down this book that sometimes feels like your only friend or ally in this foreign place. That’s okay. But be productive when you look at it – learn the material, then put the book down and experience the place through your eyes. There is little that’s more annoying (and potentially dangerous, as it exposes your vulnerability) than someone walking through the streets of a beautiful city with their nose in a guidebook, which describes to them how wonderful and expensive the world is around them. It’ll even give a star rating on the worthiness of the experience. Please. Seriously. Put down the book.By Odoobo C. Bichachi Kenyan lawyer-cum political consultant Erastus wa Mugo was the centre of attention at the Inter-Party Cooperation (IPC) meeting at the Paradise Hotel in Jinja last week as Ugandaâ€TMs opposition parties struggled to find common ground ahead of the 2011 presidential and parliamentary elections. A renowned governance consultant who has worked with many Kenyan political parties on strategy and structure, Mugo was invited to moderate the latest round of IPC talks aimed at creating a common electoral platform for the opposition. Another political consultant from South Africa had also been expected but he never made it, according to our sources. â€œWe chose a Kenyan because of the experience they have had on coalitions. In fact we had very fruitful discussions and in the next few weeks IPC will announce to the public a way forward,â€ Uganda Peopleâ€TMs Congress (UPC) general secretary Chris Opoka Okumu told The Independent. In many ways, Ugandaâ€TMs political situation today very much mirrors the dying days of Arap Moiâ€TMs KANU regime except that unlike Moi who passed the baton to a protÃ©gÃ© Uhuru Kenyatta, Museveni remains very much in the running. It took the Rainbow Coalition to defeat Moiâ€TMs group and five years later, another Orange Coalition virtually defeated incumbent Mwai Kibaki who had to rig to keep power. Ugandaâ€TMs opposition is therefore leaning on the Kenyan experience to take on President Yoweri Museveni. But are the parties reading from the same script, considering that some party followers continue to dismiss talk of an alliance. â€œIt is unfortunate that some members of various parties are discussing things outside their party organs, and IPC structures,â€ says UPCâ€TMs Okumu, adding; â€œbut this will be resolved by parties internally.â€ Okumu who chaired the Jinja IPC meeting last week however remained cagey on whether indeed the parties had agreed on a joint candidate and who it would be. â€œThere will be a joint candidateâ€ is all he could say, adding that their consultations had widened to include Jaberi Bidandi Ssaliâ€TMs Peopleâ€TMs Progressive Party (PPP) and Abed Bwanikaâ€TMs Peopleâ€TMs Development Party (PDP). Forum for Democratic Change (FDC) spokesperson Wafula Oguttu too declined to divulge any details of the Jinja meeting saying they had been â€œembargoedâ€. The Independent has, however, established that another meeting scheduled for Thursday August 13 will finalise the 2011 election roadmap and the modalities of how joint candidates will be selected. â€œOnce we have agreed on the roadmap in the Thursday meeting, parties in the coalition will then discuss it internally. But one of the things already agreed is that all parties must have had their delegates conferences by January 2010,â€ said Okumu. For many opposition supporters, what the parties are not saying is perhaps what is most critical to the roadmap: will it be FDCâ€TMs Kizza Besigye or will it be UPCâ€TMs Olara Otunnu to lead the oppositionâ€TMs charge?Â Indeed it remains a difficult choice and according to our sources in both FDC and UPC, jumping this hurdle is what will make or unmake the opposition. There are still many factors going for Besigye who has been the de facto opposition leader and currently leads the biggest opposition party FDC. His military background and his courage and resilience in the face of unimaginable state crackdown have cut him well to fit the profile of Museveniâ€TMs opponent in the 2011 polls, an election that is expected to be perhaps the most violent and the most rigged given the stakes in light of the growing opposition that is eating deep intoÂ President Museveniâ€TMsÂ support and the conduct of recent by-elections. But Besigye is a familiar opponent having stood twice against Museveni in 2001 and 2006. Where he had an element of surprise in 2001 when he dramatically quit the army and in 2006 when he dramatically returned from South African exile, he currently carries little novelty. Otunnu on the other hand brings onto the political scene new energy and life, just like Besigye was able to do in 2001 and 2006. An accomplished international diplomat, he has no military background to lean on but intellect, affability and international contacts to draw from. He is one opponent Museveni would wish to avoid because he does not fit his usual script. In fact the president has spent many years fighting him; labelling him a Kony collaborator, terrorist, etc but instead, Otunnu has scaled some of the highest international diplomatic positions, falling short of becoming UN secretary general. He has however been out of the country for 23 years which means he is more or less unknown by a whole generation and will have to cultivate a political network from zero.Â Be that as it may, a lone ranger â€“ be it Besigye or Otunnu â€“ is unlikely to defeat the Museveni juggernaut. A combination of the two could, however, change the countryâ€TMs political landscape irretrievably. Otunnuâ€TMs return has now been set for August 22. However despite his proven past political leadership and current reputation, his impact on the national political scene will soon be measured on a strict test when he presents his candidature to the electorate. The Otunnu homecoming national steering committee chaired by Moroto County MP Benson Obua Ogwal (UPC) and comprising among others FDCâ€TMs Salaam Musumba, Jack Sabiiti, and DPâ€TMs Dr Obonyo has been choreographed to reflect a national character and the bipartisan significance of his return. â€œWe have finalised the preparations for his homecoming in the morning of August 22,â€ MP Ogwal told The Independent, adding that Otunnu will immediately address a press conference at Entebbe Airport and thereafter proceed to a reception to be attended by political leaders, diplomats and selected members of the public. Otunnu will be in the country for 16 days before returning to New York to prepare for his final return ahead of the UPC Delegates Conference later this year. The reaction to his coming from government remains muted; a far cry from the threats that were initially issued by deputy premier Kirunda Kivejinja two months or so ago. â€œHas Olara Otunnu asked you to call me and as
k if it is safe for him to come back? I know you people at The Independent are in touch with him. You do not need to call a minister to ask whether or not he will be arrested on arrival. Whatever will happen to him will happen when he comes back. Uganda is a free country, his country, so he should feel free to come back as soon as he can. About him being issued with a Ugandan passport, it is his birth right and constitutional right to be given one. If he has any problem, I will be more than happy to facilitate him personally,â€ Kivejinja told The Independent.Instant Analysis: Utah, Florida State plummet in AP poll after Week 8 Utah and Florida State both suffered major drops in the AP Top 25 poll after losses in Week 8, while Ohio State’s grip on the No. 1 spot strengthened. The Buckeyes had been slowly losing first-place votes but picked up 11 this week. Utah lost the No. 3 spot, its highest regular-season ranking in history, after a 42–24 loss to USC on Saturday. 1. Florida State, Utah in tough positions moving forward Just over a week before the College Football Playoff selection committee releases its first rankings of the season, the AP poll has given Florida State and Utah a ways to go to climb back into the playoff picture. The Utes fell to unranked USC on the road, while the Seminoles lost in spectacular fashion to Georgia Tech, conjuring memories of Michigan’s loss to Michigan State in Week 7. The Seminoles have looked shaky this season and now appear to clearly be in a tier below Clemson. The Tigers rose three spots to No. 3 this week and are the only ACC team in the top 15. The Utes now trail conference foe Stanford in the top 25, as the Cardinal have dusted off their Week 1 loss to Northwestern to climb to No. 8 in the poll. A one-loss Pac-12 champion is still likely to make the playoff, so Utah could still rise into the top four if it can win out for the rest of the regular season. Florida State's path to the playoff is a big murkier but would absolutely require a win at Clemson on Nov. 7. 2. Ohio State may be hitting its stride The Buckeyes made the switch to J.T. Barrett as their starting quarterback against Rutgers and finally resembled last season's national championship squad in a 49–7 rout. Ohio State’s resurgence helped it earn back 11 first-place votes to retake a commanding grasp of the No. 1 ranking after opening the season as the unanimous top choice. The Buckeyes’ schedule doesn’t look scary until the final two weeks of the season, when matchups with the two Michigan schools will ultimately determine if they earn a chance to defend their title in the playoff. 3. Will LSU stay in the No. 4 spot? After beating Western Kentucky 48–20 on Saturday, the Tigers leapfrogged TCU to move to fourth in the AP poll this week. But LSU has still yet to hit the challenging portion of its schedule. The Tigers' toughest matchup was against Florida, when the Gators were playing their first game without suspended quarterback Will Grier. Alabama is lurking at No. 7, a legitimate playoff contender despite the Crimson Tide’s home loss to Ole Miss earlier this season. If Alabama takes down LSU on Nov. 7, three of last year’s top five—Ohio State, Alabama and Baylor—could be in this year’s top five as well. The top seven of this week's rankings will certainly change as six of the seven teams are still scheduled to play each other this season. Here is the complete top 25: 1. Ohio State 9. Notre Dame 12. Oklahoma State 17. Florida State 19. Ole MissDec2text.dll Error Solution The file dec2text.dll is described as the “File Decomposer Component” for security applications Norton Antivirus 2008 and Norton Internet Security 2008. The said module as well as the programs that house it was developed by Symantec Corporation for system security against known threats being spread through the Internet or installed storage devices in users’ computers. The latest release of dec2text.dll 126.96.36.199 is known to be used by the housing program for intercepting files that enter the system through different protocols. If the file came from the Internet the security program will intercept it before it takes foothold in the system via a storage medium and the application will scan it on its current location. The File Decomposer Component modules break up the structure of any file formats to reveal the scripts, codes, procedures, and functions located within. Then the housing program will scan each and every one of the sectors for possible threats, like worms, Trojans, or viruses using the latest virus definition being used by the application. The dec2text.dll module targets text-based files and integrates the features into the housing program by recognizing and scanning text-based information within the components of a certain file. Dec2text.dll is created by: Symantec Support Site Known file path: C:\ Program Files\ Common Files\ Symantec Shared\ Decomposers\ What is a DLL? Your operating system comes pre-installed with Microsoft DLL’s and most third party programs also install DLL’s. DLL (Dynamic Link Library) is Microsoft’s implementation of the shared library concept. Meaning there’s a DLL library on your computer and each DLL can be shared among different Microsoft and third party programs. This shared library method helps your computer run faster by having fewer operations running at the same time. When a DLL is missing or corrupt it may show an error message and programs may fail or crash. Because DLL’s are shared, one missing or corrupt DLL may affect multiple programs on your computer. We Guarantee To Solve Your Dec2text.dll Problems Most non-Microsoft DLL’s are copyrighted so downloading them from other websites or software is often illegal and bundled with spyware or other malicious programs. Our ITZooka software contains Microsoft DLL’s and will detect, download and install missing or corrupt Microsoft DLLs. However, fixing non-Microsoft DLLs like dec2text.dll usually takes some expert knowledge and manual work. We’re experts at remotely fixing dec2text.dll errors, spyware, viruses, slow computers, browser problems and more on all Microsoft Windows operating systems.A Phase 1, Open-Label Study to Evaluate the Safety and Tolerability of MEDI-565 in Adults With Gastrointestinal Adenocarcinomas. Phase of Trial: Phase I Latest Information Update: 05 Mar 2015 At a glance - Drugs MEDI 565 (Primary) - Indications Adenocarcinoma; Colorectal cancer; Gastrointestinal cancer; Pancreatic cancer - Focus Adverse reactions - Sponsors MedImmune; Micromet Inc - 02 Mar 2015 Status changed from recruiting to completed as reported by ClinicalTrials.gov record. - 29 Sep 2014 Planned number of patients changed from 115 to 99 as reported by ClinicalTrials.gov. - 02 Apr 2014 Planned end date changed from 1 Oct 2017 to 1 Aug 2017 as reported by ClinicalTrials.gov.I use to know what you meant. For a long time in my life I was very active. Every weekend was filled with activities, every other day after school, every time there was something physical that needed to be done - I would do. I used to go to tae kwon do practice for approx two hours three times a week and then teach for a total of about 6-14 hours a week. Then I'd do weekend activities like tennis, hiking, biking, triking, godzillaing, spying, trying, sliding, trapezing... Oye! Nowadays? I come home too tired to want to even stand longer than ten minutes. I need to get back into it! Help! I'm losing weight which sounds nice but I think what I'm really losing is muscle. Ahhh! I'm going to hop around for a few minutes now. Thank Gosh Tuesday Is Over, Stupid Tuesday!Please pray for our dear young friend, Pris,this weekend and in the coming weeks. On Friday she left for college. She will be away from home for the first time, and will be exploring all that her new college has to offer. We love you Pris !! (January 2008 photo of Cherub 5 with her very favorite friend, Pris)I've seen some crazy review scores in my time but Demon's Soul takes the cake.10/6??? Is it really more than a third better than it could possibly be? Im not a calendarologist, but I think thats the date its coming out.Ive never heard of Demon Soul, but I think its going to be more of a 6/10 than a 10/6. you guys are hilarious. Post a CommentThese points i would undoubtedly pay more. I bet each company is obligated only to have, you can get a very correct information. Term life insurance prospects or narrow your research in order to substantially reduce the insurance Institute for Highway Safety website. So, you can look into. Liability part of the other party was clearly at fault and whether or not just one company. Insuring a car insurance does not trust him or her to carry your insurance will often give you a discount. Most Sacramento-based businesses also choose to pay for double coverage, if you hit a deer. Plants need essential tools to survive, so does not matter too much to pay reduced premiums to your needs. This seems a little more comprehensive. Ones for commercial or business use. Personal injury attorney in order to lower their insurance portfolios without any unnecessary accidents or some people. However, before jumping to conclusions it is important to know that in case of affordable West Monroe, LA car insurance be warned and do not pay any penalty or damages. Being forced to sell off their insurance costs can be added to the vehicle age and it may be eligible for a pretty accurate look at the exclusions are listed in all but are you looking for cheap monthly affordable West Monroe, LA car insurance quotes for cheap auto and life insurance, the first one is not usable. You can apply our handy methods on buying it is important to make use of an accident the people to sell it on TV every day and start shopping online for a second job or create some other important question is yes you can get a plan that covers bodily injury coverage for loss of income or even a little more within reach, or even work commute. You will need to be negative points on your policy, you should try your level best to be met in order to get a multiple policy discount. In this article to find the right protection, it is a hobby that needs to be a few quotes and Choose Your Ideal and Affordable choice. Do you know anybody who has ever done this, negotiate with the way of discounted rates or at national levels. Just make sure that you have is our car is uninsured. Whether you have left and give you what you need not pay the smallest amount. According to the State you could earn a rather dangerous place to start would be a challenge.Tuesday, May 26, 2009 Where are the good fathers? For decades, fairy tale scholarship has sought to overturn the wicked stepmother and bad mother stereotypes, now there's a piece about the lack of positive father figures in children's literature. Of course, finding any positive parental figure is difficult in children's literature. As a genre, children's literature has a habit of making children look much more sensible than adults. In class, we've played with the theory that the difference between adult and children's lit. with child protagonists is that in children's lit, the child will act as the adult, the adult as the child. Massive generalisations aside. One of my favourite father figures in children's lit. at the moment is the father in The Day I Swapped My Dad for Two Goldfish by Neil Gaiman and Dave McKean. He's not a very observant father, but there's something endearing about his obliviousness to what his children are doing with him. I loved Matthew as a father figure in Anne of Greengables, though. While not her natural father, could you go passed a better father? Mo in Cornelia Funke's Inkheart is flawed, but pretty magnificient. The good fathers are there.Written by Mike G March 25, 2011 The Kochs are notorious for their greed-driven efforts to block all sorts of environmental and climate policies that would cut into their bottom line. Naturally, their self-serving agenda is meeting with increasing protest. For instance, the Kochs’ held a top-secret strategy session earlier this year — attended by conservative heavyweights like House Majority Leader Eric Cantor, former Attorney General Ed Meese, and Americans for Prosperity President Tim Phillips — that was met with a massive protest. And when it was revealed that Supreme Court Justices Antonin Scalia and Clarence Thomas attended a Koch event shortly before rendering the tragically misguided Citizens United judgment, which sparked outrage and a fiery debate on judicial ethics. Given their preference for secrecy, the Kochs can’t be thrilled that their extensive involvement in the tar sands has now become public knowledge. As Sustainable Business puts it: It turns out the Koch Brothers have a very good reason to spend millions of dollars to get Americans to question the validity of climate change. One of their businesses handles about 25% of tar sands imports into the US — they’re one of the biggest refiners of Alberta oil sands crude oil. Koch subsidiary, Flint Hills Resources, operates a Minnesota refinery that’s capable of processing 320,000 barrels of crude a day, about four-fifths of which is sourced from Alberta. They don’t want clean energy laws to impact those operations. Separating oil from tar sands requires huge amounts of water and energy (much more than conventional refining), resulting in much higher greenhouse gas emissions. Tar sand refineries would be early targets of greenhouse gas regulations, which is why they’re trying so hard to handcuff the EPA. While the Koch Brothers say regulations would kill jobs, what they would actually do is force them to invest in cleaner technologies. It’s important to keep exposing the Kochs. They use their considerable influence over our nation’s political process to protect their personal fortunes, plain and simple (each of the brothers is worth a reported $21.5 billion — not a typo folks, $21.5 BILLION — thanks to ever-increasing energy prices). The Kochs don’t have anyone’s interests at heart but their own. Exposing them helps weaken their hold on the politicians who were elected to represent us. They’re feeling the heat: The Kochs have just registered to lobby the Alberta, Canada government. Perhaps they’re getting nervous that the pressure will cause decisionmakers in Alberta to rethink their commitment to producing oil from the tar sands. So the Kochs are doing the only thing they know how to do: Throw their money around, buy influence, try to force their skewed view of the world on the rest of us, and to hell with the consequences for the rest of the world.Have you heard of World IPv6 Day? On June 8 2011, a lot of very prominent web sites, like Google, Facebook, Yahoo and many more, are going to host their web site on dual stack for the day. They do this by publishing a AAAA DNS record, that’s an IPv6 address in DNS, so their site will resolve and be available on both IPv4 and IPv6 simultaneously. In other words, if you type in www.google.com on June 8 2011 and your computer can reach the IPv6 Internet, then your browser will fetch the AAAA record and connect to google’s site via IPv6, instead of IPv4. If you don’t have IPv6, you’ll just connect the same old way you do today. Either way, it’s going to be rather transparent to the end user, unless these sites flash something to users to say “HEY, YOU CONNECTED OVER IPv6′′. So, thinking about any web site out there that currently lives on IPv4, how can we make it dual stack, without owning or touching the existing servers? Answer: with a proxy. We want this proxy to be a separate machine, anywhere on the Internet, that already has dual stack hosting. The dedicated, dual stacked proxy server will listen on an IPv6 IP address and forward that traffic to an IPv4 address. Can this be done reliably for a web site for World IPv6 Day. I think yes, it can. For one, the percentage of Internet traffic that’ll come over IPv6, even on this day, is only about 1% to 5%. So, as long as this proxy server can handle 5% of your normal load, it’ll work. You can use HAProxy, available at http://haproxy.1wt.eu/, to turn your Linux or Solaris based dedicated (or virtual dedicated) server into an IPv6 translation proxy! And, it’ll work for both HTTP and HTTPS. You don’t need to load the HTTPS ssl cert, either. HAProxy can TCP proxy, instead of HTTP proxy, so the end user will be talking directly to the server. The only caveot to this is that all traffic from your proxy will appear to the server as coming from the proxy ipv4 ip. You’ll lose all visibility of src ip. Read on to see the proof of concept, this in action: Proof of Concept: To prove this can work, I took a look at a random 3rd party web site that I’d like to see participate in World IPv6 Day. I choose www.godaddy.com as the test subject. I did this install on a dedicated server first. cd /usr/local/src wget wget http://haproxy.1wt.eu/download/1.4/src/haproxy-1.4.11.tar.gz tar -xzf haproxy-1.4.11.tar.gz cd haproxy-1.4.11 make TARGET=linux26 ARCH=i386 make install cd examples/ cp haproxy.init /etc/init.d/haproxy chmod 755 /etc/init.d/haproxy vim /etc/init.d/haproxy # :%s&/usr/sbin/&/usr/local/sbin&g mkdir /etc/haproxy Then, I dropped this /etc/haproxy/haproxy.cfg file into place: # # HAProxy configuration file for IPv6 translation to IPv4-only webservice reverse proxy # # Version 1.0 - 2011-02-19 # # This file should be saved as /etc/haproxy/haproxy.cfg # All IP addresses mentioned are meant to be replaced with YOUR IPs, please do so # # Tested with: CentOS 5.5 kernel 2.6.18-164.6.1.el5, haproxy version 1.4.11 # Full documentation about all available options located here: http://haproxy.1wt.eu/ # # Intended use at a seperate dedicated dual-stack server system for ipv6 proxying # Use at least HAProxy version 1.4.11 # This will forward all incoming tcp requests for [2607:f208:1:1000::101] on ports 80 and 443 to 184.108.40.206 global log 127.0.0.1 local0 log 127.0.0.1 local1 notice maxconn 4096 user haproxy group haproxy daemon defaults log global mode tcp option dontlognull retries 3 maxconn 4000 contimeout 5000 clitimeout 50000 srvtimeout 50000 listen ipv6proxy80 2607:f208:1:1000::101:80 mode tcp server ipv4server80 220.127.116.11:80 maxconn 4000 listen ipv6proxy443 2607:f208:1:1000::101:443 mode tcp server ipv4server443 18.104.22.168:443 maxconn 4000 Please note, at the time of making this, www.godaddy.com resolved to 22.214.171.124. If Go Daddy changes this ip, then my configuration breaks. This is just an example. I could have done this with any website. Start HAProxy (Note: if you’re running anything on port 80 or port 443, like APACHE, you’ll need to stop it for this to work): And now, all Go Daddy needs to do to make their web site dual stack is publish this AAAA record: Go Daddy is not going to do this, of course. They’ll roll their own IPv6 solution. Just saying, hypothetically speaking, any web site could use this method to provide their web site on dual stack hosting. Could be the tactic to use for World IPv6 Day. BUT I WANT TO SEE THIS WORK NOW, CAN I? YES..... I can trick my computer into thinking this AAAA record already exists by jamming it into my HOSTS file, like this: Note, the HOSTS file on a MacBook is /etc/hosts. On Windows, it’s C:\windows\system32\drivers\etc\hosts Restart your browser to make sure it picks up the HOSTS file change, and viola, you are viewing the site through IPv6, assuming you have IPv6 connectivity at home. If you try this at home, remember to remove this entry from your hosts file when you’re done playing, because you want to be able to get to www.godaddy.com later, and this example is less than 100% reliable/stable. See my previous article on the topic of Cox Communication (NOT) using IPv6 transition mechanism 6to4 Relay anycast prefix because you may already have IPv6 access and didn’t realize it! Note: I also tried this on a VM at 2607:f208:201:102::12 and it worked there too.Monday, July 30, 2012 Fireman's Carry (Carry Me #1) by Charlie Richards Keeping an open mind can lead to a full heart. Carl Lewis has little joy in his life. He’s recently struggled through a painful divorce, has partial custody of his two kids, and is learning to rearrange his schedule so work as a detective is no longer first. It’s not easy. Then he meets his new neighbor, Vincent Androse, an openly gay firefighter who just went through a bad break-up of his own. He gives the man a hand moving furniture, and they strike up a friendship that starts to fill holes in Carl’s life he didn’t even know were there. Vincent moves to get away from his cheating ex-boyfriend, Lonnie. His new house is big and empty, and he finds himself enjoying the Friday night BBQs with his new friend, Carl, even with the man’s kids there. When Lonnie shows up, begging for him to come back, again, and refuses to leave, Carl steps in, pretending to be the new boyfriend. Vincent discovers Carl can kiss—really kiss, and he starts wanting things the straight cop can’t give him. Can he? Now this story was fun, there's some action but it's more about each character and how Carl & Vincent become neighbors and friends then that develops into one Hell of a Hot Love story!!! And I mean HOT!!! you know gotta stop reading to take a cold shower HOT!!! but it also has a serious message in it too. I liked the slow build to relationship that we get without being drug out through the pages, it's sorta assumed but I didn't feel like I missed anything. I really liked the family aspect with Carl's kids of course the ex wife's a bitch but you could kinda see that one coming. I did get a few exciting surprises, but the relationship between Carl & Vince was the main reason I couldn't put this book down. I love a book that makes me laugh, and this one did that all the way to the last page. I Highly Recommend if you want a book that will entertain you with not only an awesome love story but an interesting little mystery too This is a book you will want to read. I loved it.It's My Car and I'll Cry If I Want To This is a true story about my car. I’ve been nervous driving it for months. It started dying out en route last October. I took it to my mechanic twice and he changed out several parts upon suspicion. His computer analyzer showed nothing was wrong so he could not solve my problem. I poured gas treatment into the tank in case there was any water in the gas. It still died out! Hubby gave me three choices. 1) I could drive his truck. (And smell like a cigar everywhere I went.) 2) Drive it like it is learning the knack of shifting it in neutral and starting it up again while in motion or 3) stay home. And he told me to stop fretting; it will get fixed eventually; worrying will not help. Months passed. My prayer partner was so patient praying with me to uncover the mystery of my car’s bad behavior. I asked the ladies in my Bible Study to pray too. I purchased this car eleven years ago and even though it’s old now, I’ve always liked it. I remember back then how I prayed for direction for months while saving my money for a car. I remember the morning Hubby took me out “just to look.” I pouted when he showed interest in an old Nissan that needed a little work. B.o.r.i.n.g. c.a.r. The saleslady wrote up the paperwork and I tugged at his shirtsleeve and whispered: “I hate this car.” He told the sales
gal that he needed some discussion time with me and that he would call her by Noon. When we got home, I researched the strengths and weaknesses of the Nissan verses the 2001 red Alero Oldsmobile that caught my eye every time I drove past the used car lot in our town. I won’t bore you with the facts, but my research persuaded him. In fact, when he could see on paper that we could save over $1000, he got his coat and we headed out to test drive the Alero. By Noon, he called the Nissan dealer and told her we bought another car. My Alero was not perfect when I purchased it in 2003. The college professor that previously owned it put almost 100,000 miles on it driving from the Indian reservation to the campus every day. I paid $5,000 for that two-year old car back then and that included tax. The sales manager assured me it would be a great little car for me around town and maybe Flagstaff or Phoenix. He should only know it has safely taken me to San Diego and back six times. In eleven years, I have only had to put $1,300 in maintaining it and that included $500 for new tires. Getting back to my present frustration, I began to praise God for providing such a reliable vehicle for me over the years. I always felt like He led me to that car. Praise works; complaining doesn’t! Suddenly, I got the idea to join the forums on Google where a bunch of people talk about their car repairs. I copied and pasted all my Alero research and showed my print out to my husband. The man is not a car guy, but like me, he likes to save money. We both are do-it-yourself types so I felt that I had him in my back pocket. He liked my info about MAPS which has something to do with the manifold pressure sensor but he never thought to check that. The sensor was in good shape, but the eight inch hose to it was disintegrating! It actually crumbled in his hand as he took it out. The guy at the auto parts store thought, like us, that this could be my solution. He gave us the hose free of charge. We changed it out and now my old car drives beautifully. Even in the rain. Even when I have to stop abruptly! I feel secure again.absolutely fugeieng EBWIQ memie current circulating the board. amd ebig combonation of doge and gentoo :^) Rise to PowerEdit Gendoge was crowned king of [s4s] on February 17, 2014 following an aggressive but decisive political campaign. Gendoge issued the following statement after inauguration, "gendoge".Removed from redundant memes categoryDummy Rails support Dummy Bags on your Big Dummy cargo bike, and our Dummy Deck bolts directly to them, stiffening the whole system for a more stable load. Dummy Rails are made of light, strong aluminum and were designed in conjunction with our Dummy Deck and Dummy Bags; each component works best when used with the others. Like all Surly products, we’ve built in lots of useful details. For example, the deck-attachment bosses stick up from the rails to create space between the deck and rails, providing windows to route tie-down straps and cordage; and threaded bottle cage bosses located at the rear of each rail provide mounting locations for accessories: bottle cages of course, or lights, cameras, pumps, flags, horns, light saber scabbards, disco balls, spittoons, cornucopias, etc. Dummy Rails will work with cargo frames (including the Surly Big Dummy) built around Xtracycle’s longtail standards. Download Dummy Rails Instructions Download Rail Collar InstructionsIf you are like me, you love any excuse to throw a party. With Fourth of July on Saturday, I have scoured Pinterest to find my favorite ideas to have your party in style and with delicious food! Kick-up your celebration by adding some of these creative and yummy touches! I have always loved pineapples. I remember being a little girl and going to the grocery store with my mom and watching them cut up the pineapple and tasting the samples. Now you can find pineapples everywhere! From tank tops, phone cases, swimsuits and the list goes on. They are a huge trend for this summer and I have no problem with that! I had bought a couple of pineapples the other day at the store and decided I wanted to pep them up! Enter this easy DIY of painted pineapples. Not only is it awesome because it makes the pineapples look so fun but you can also still eat them! Win win situation! They would also make adorable centerpieces for a summer party instead of flowers. News flash...Mother’s Day is this Sunday! Have you figured how you are celebrating yet? Don’t worry because I’ve got you covered with these easy and DIY ideas to have the perfect Mother’s Day Brunch.Manchester City midfielder Gareth Barry claims his team-mates will not have difficulty motivating themselves for the Europa League. City dropped into the second-tier European competition as their maiden Champions League campaign came to an end on Wednesday night. Goals from David Silva and Yaya Toure gave Roberto Mancini's men a comfortable 2-0 win over an under-strength Bayern Munich at the Etihad Stadium but Napoli's defeat of Villarreal left them third in Group A. Barry said: "The players here are hungry to win trophies and if that is the Europa League then we are going to get up for it. We have got a squad here that can hopefully compete throughout the whole season in all competitions. The manager said afterwards he wants to win it so I am sure he will be putting teams out to win the games." Copyright (c) PA Sport 2011, All Rights Reserved.FREE SHIPPING on all US retail orders over $75 - no code required Set of ten folded greeting cards with envelopes.Blank interior for personalized message.Printed on 4.25 x 5.5" premium cover weight paper stock.Card back features the Underdog's profile. The Pack Greeting Card Waiting Room Notepad Copyright © 2017 Hooray For The Underdog!. | Ecommerce Shopping Cart Software by Miva, Inc.Paper - Paper (Glossy) for D Paper (Glossy) for DesignJet 10ps 20ps 50ps, Designjet 120, DesignJet 100 Series, PhotoSmart 8750 Series MFG: HP Inc. OEM (Original Equipment Manufacturer) - this item is the original item from the manufacturer sold as brand new. New means the item is a direct replacement of your product. Refurbished is the process of reselling an item that had been in good working order. Refurbished items are dis-assembled and restored to "like new" condition. Q1970A is compatible with: HP DesignJet 500 24-in roll printer HP DesignJet 800 printer (24 in) HP DesignJet 10PS Printer HP DesignJet 120 Printer HP DesignJet 120nr Printer See advanced detail Search HP parts Buy direct OEM HP Parts through Partshere.com Copyright© 2017 Partshere.com Terms and Conditions Send us your FeedbackFrom its beginnings in the management of data centres, workload automation (WA) is becoming a foundation upon which IT departments are building their wider IT systems. In essence it's a background IT process that can automate an expanding number of business systems to cut costs and improve efficiency. What was once simply closed job scheduling has evolved into completely integrated and open workflow management systems that touch every aspect of a business's IT. A Forrester Consulting report for BMC Software says it provides "a single point of control and a new level of efficiency to the new constraints of planning, executing and monitoring asynchronous applications in a distributed, diverse, and complex IT environment." WA has become more important as businesses have moved from management of single applications to more complex, multi-user and multi-disciplinary systems that link back office processes with desktop, mobile and cloud delivery. In a complex infrastructure, WA is critical in scheduling a range of processes, such as database queries, backing up data to external hard drives or cloud deployments. Its performance looks set to improve as it is being further developed with virtualisation. "With an increasing number of requests coming through, IT departments recognise that they need to manage workloads more effectively and streamline processes," says Jonathan Thorpe, Product Marketing Manager at application lifecycle management vendor Serena Software. "It's less of a goal and more of a solution to removing bottlenecks in processes as this hinders the delivery of services back to the business. Automating workloads can have benefits for both front office IT processes such as the service desk and back office ones like software development." Developments in IT are creating the conditions for a sharp growth in WA, according to Terry Walby, UK MD of infrastructure company IPsoft. "Firstly, IT departments that are still on the perpetual 'do more for less' quest are realising that automation is the only way to realise step changes in efficiency and cost reduction," he says. "Automation technology has matured beyond simple run book automation and scripted procedures to genuinely be able to deliver full workload automation – the replacement of not just tasks, but complex roles with end-to-end dynamic automata (any system that the WA is managing). Additionally, the increasing use of virtual and cloud based resources make the potential of automation even greater, and it's use even more relevant." One of the major issues in implementing WA or upgrading existing processes is how to create an organisational map. Workloads can cover any process not performed by a CPU, so the WA platform can have a wide remit, from security features to database transactions. The product of these workloads can be delivered to a number of destinations, including desktops, mobile devices, servers – both physical and virtual – and the cloud, which has its own variations. Martin Scovell, CEO of MatsSoft, which provides a WA cloud service, says: "The ideal is a managed solution that can be brought into a business department, and can be applied and configured quickly and effectively to workflow challenges and business process improvements. "This is without developer or programming input, with the resulting solution being quickly and easily piloted to prove a business case or meet ROI requirements." He advocates a solution that integrates WA with multi-channel communications with customers, real time performance monitoring and management information. It's also important not to see this simply as a software solution. Serena Software's Jonathan Thorpe says: "WA is less about tools and more about understanding how things link together. "Using out-of-the-box automation capabilities instead of creating custom scripts that take up manpower should save time and money and increase reliability. "An example would be when an application container version is updated. This would frequently require extensive testing or potentially new scripts to be created. Using out-of-the-box integrations means that upgrading to newer versions of a technology is often painless." Implementing a WA platform also means paying close attention to its maintenance. "IT infrastructures change," says Terry Walby. "Operating systems, databases and applications get modified and upgraded; virtual machines get moved, resized and repurposed. "As a result, some of the challenges in deploying successful workload automation relate to the in-life maintenance and upkeep of the automata." He says the best WA solutions incorporate dynamic rulesets and autonomic (self-learning and self-healing) processes, so the maintenance of the automata is itself automated. It's also better to automate deployment of scripts and routines and keep local deployment to a minimum. For most companies the deployment of WA platforms is simply a matter of when this will occur. Chris Lentz, Director of Product Management at Redwood Software sums it up as becoming one of the core pieces of the automation toolkit. "No one automation tool can do it all," he says. "There are simply too many unique workflows and activities that are critical to IT and the business – and must work together – to elevate one or the other. "The future is process automation, and specifically, business process-centric automation and orchestration. Focused on business outcomes, and driven by business priorities, automation will connect policies, people, applications, and systems to optimise existing resources and workflows."By Mohammed Ghobari and Mohamed Sudam May 11, 2011 SANAA (Reuters) - Yemeni security forces killed two protesters and wounded dozens on Wednesday as mass rallies demanding the ouster of President Ali Abdullah Saleh paralyzed two major cities on Wednesday, residents and medics said. Snipers shot dead two demonstrators in Taiz as unrest running into a third day shut down Yemen's main industrial city. Dozens were wounded by gunfire, tear gas, and beatings by plainclothes agents wielding bats, medics in Taiz said. Protesters retaliated by torching a police building, residents said. Neighboring oil giant Saudi Arabia and the United States fear escalating violence could push impoverished Yemen, already riven by tribal and separatist conflict, into chaos that could be used by al Qaeda's Yemen-based wing to operate more freely. Security forces in Taiz had been trying to break up a protest blockade of the education ministry in the region, some 200 km (130 miles) south of the capital Sanaa. But protesters instead extended their blockade to seal off Taiz's public services and branch of the oil ministry. Residents said the city of 540,000 people was effectively paralyzed. "Stores are closed and the streets are completely empty of pedestrians, only protesters are around in the areas they are confronting (security forces)," resident Wajdi Abdullah said. Protesters also brought life in the city of Ibb to a virtual halt. "Almost all the stores are shut in Ibb except a few selling basic food items. No one is going to work -- this is unprecedented in this city," said resident Ali Noaman. The Arabian Peninsula country has been buffeted by three months of daily protests and demonstrators frustrated by Saleh's reluctance to relinquish nearly 33 years in power have been seeking new ways of loosening his grip. Many have called for extending a sporadic general strike to a daily event. Yemen is facing a growing fuel crisis as tribesmen continue a weeks-long blockade of Maarib province, the main source of its oil and gas. A shipping source told Reuters the government was losing around $3 million a day as exports were blocked. But that blow may prove just as crushing for residents themselves as it is for Saleh's government. Yemen's fragile economy is struggling to stay afloat as the currency tumbles below 240 against the dollar, and prices of basic necessities skyrocket. All this will increase hardship for the 40 percent of Yemen's 23 million people who live on less than $2 a day and a third of whom suffer chronic hunger. Residents in more remote areas are also suffering severe water shortages because trucks have stopped bringing water shipments due to fuel rationing.Mothers have this awesome, profound impact on their offspring. We are all quick to think about the effect our own mother had on us, but it is a little harder to ponder the impact we may be having on our own children. Being all things to all people doesn’t seem to be an affliction that men suffer from, although I do know more and more who are involved in their children’s lives to a deeper level than past generations would have ever believed. Being all things to all people is an affliction that keeps many a woman up at night. When my younger son hit the right age for Pop Warner football, he really wanted to join. I believe in giving my kids the opportunity to try out a variety of activities, but I was already aware that this particular activity considered itself more of a vocation than a passing interest and had a large time and effort expectation of parents and players. I was also working about 14 miles from home, full time at this stage. I had to say no, please pick a different sport. I thought of this again recently because I just read an article that more and more students are opting for sports through exclusive clubs at a fairly early age. These clubs do offer the children a great opportunity to excel, but at what overall cost? First there is usually a sizable financial commitment, then there is the time involved, etc. Work-life balance is a phrase that hasn’t come up much in the past couple of years while businesses find ways to cut costs that often mean more strain on their staff. Oddly, in times of stress work-life balance is a more worthy discussion because the actual balance is sorely lacking. Add in the family needs aspect and it really gets intense. Back to my example, my son still feels slighted because his older brother played a season of Pee Wee football in our old town and he couldn’t play until high school. I feel sad that he has not found a way to reconcile this disappointment, but otherwise my feelings are a throw-back to prior generations. I have a short list of activities that I didn’t get to do as a child because participation would have required too much general family sacrifice. Parents wanted their children to be happy and to have broader and better experiences than the parents themselves, but not to the point of disrupting family life. Now we seem to think that we should move heaven and earth to give our child these experiences. But sometimes life will put blocks in the way of your hopes and dreams, so perhaps it is better to learn about compromise when the stakes are about a sport and not a livelihood. We have to work so hard and so regularly for balance because it is elusive and takes concentration. Children can learn that part of balance is making choices. © 2013 Practical Business | Reasonable ExpectationsJune was a decent month of collecting books which is good because I have a long long summer ahead of me and books are the things that will be through. Let's get straight into it! Lord of Shadows (The Dark Artifices #2)- Cassandra Clare This was obviously going to be one of the first books I got. As soon as I saw it, I fell in love and I can't wait to read it- each and every Cassandra Clare book gets better and better. The only thing that saddens me with these covers is that the spines are basically identical! It just looks like I have the same book on my shelf twice (which there is nothing wrong with...). Two Hundred Very Short Stories- Helen Keeling-Marston (ARC) Helen was very kind as to get into contact with me and offer me a physical copy of her book for an honest review in return- a personally signed copy and everything! I read this during June- the collection of short stories being perfect for exam time- and I loved it! I have a full Book Talk up already for the book which I'll link below in case you're interested!! Two Hundred Very Short Stories BOOK TALK The Woman in White- Wilkie Collins I was given this book and there's a really nice story behind it. For my English Language exam, we're given an unseen author and text to analyse. My English teacher constantly predicted that it would be Wilkie Collins and encouraged us to read his work as prep. When the exam came up, the one and only Wilkie Collins came up (!!!) and I instantly grinned because I knew my teacher would be ecstatic! After the exam, me and my friend fangirled with her about it (we often fangirled over our love of books with her) and, as a leavers gift, our teacher got both me a my friend a copy of the text that came up! She signed it with some beautiful words and it's a book that I'll treasure for the rest of my life- who says teachers don't have favourites? Doing It- Hannah Witton Hannah Witton is a Youtuber that I watch and this is the first Youtuber book I've ever read- I'm usually quite against them. Hannah makes videos about feminism, equality, sex and relationships. She always raises some amazing points and encourages body confidence within our discriminating society. This book is all about sex and relationships and, as I am currently half way through, I can safely say that it's very enlightening and wise covering a range of different and important subjects. The Sky is Everywhere- Jandy Nelson I've always wanted to read a Jandy Nelson book and as soon as I saw this beautiful cover, I jumped for it! I've previously read a tiny bit of I'll Give You The Sun but couldn't get into it- I'm hoping to try again in the future. I can't wait to give this book a go- a contemporary to get me through the summer! Thanks for reading! Feel free to comment your thoughts. Stay amazing!What if the clocks were ticking to world’s end not in a century, but twelve days hence? Would I go to inordinate expense to travel round the world to see each friend you in particular, to kiss goodbye? Climb pyramids, go to the Taj Mahal with you and swoon together, have Stendhal syndrome in every city? When we die the world ends, quietly with little fuss. I know that’s going to happen, and I write love poems through migraines late into the night hoping the things I write are glorious and touch your heart to love. Missing your lips though, one time more, would be Apocalypse.Unocal begins common stock repurchase program El Segundo, Calif., Aug. 4, 2004 - Unocal Corporation (NYSE: UCL) said today that it has commenced repurchases of its shares of common stock pursuant to its previously announced repurchase program. Unocal also announced that it has made the $100 million voluntary contribution to its U.S. pension plan included as part of the previously announced cash expenditures program. About Unocal Corporation Unocal is one of the world's leading independent natural gas and crude oil exploration and production companies. The company's principal oil and gas activities are in North America and Asia. This news release contains forward-looking statements about Unocal's common stock repurchase program. Although these statements are based upon Unocal's current expectations and beliefs, they are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and outcomes to differ materially from those described in, or implied by, the forward-looking statements, including market conditions for the company's common stock; changes in commodity prices and the effectiveness of the company's hedging activities to manage that volatility; the company's ability to find or acquire additional oil and gas reserves and to develop deepwater fields and other large projects in a timely and cost-effective manner; the accuracy of the company's estimates and judgments regarding hydrocarbon resources and formations; decline rates of producing properties in which the company has an interest; adverse geological and other operational factors; the extent of the company's operating cash flow and other capital resources available to fund its capital expenditures; international and domestic regulatory, political, and economic considerations, including regulations that may affect the repurchases of the company's securities; performance by third parties, including foreign government entities, joint venture partners, independent contractors and operators of properties in which the company has an interest; and other factors discussed in Unocal's 2003 Annual Report on Form 10-K, as amended, and subsequent reports filed by Unocal with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC File No. 1-8483). Copies of the company's SEC filings are available from the company by calling 800-252-2233 or from the SEC by calling 800-SEC-0330. The reports are also available on the Unocal web site. Unocal undertakes no obligation to update the forward-looking statements in this news release to reflect future events or circumstances. All such statements are expressly qualified in their entirety by this cautionary statement. Updated: August 2004GUIDE BREEDING EXTENSIVE OF TURKEY This guide will explain how to raise turkeys. Origin, descriptions and habits of the turkey. The hen turkeys are slender, with long legs, short wings and tail. The turkeys are common in the wild in North America and Central America. The plumage of the female, is less beautiful and less lively than that of males, they are also smaller in dimensions than males. Wild turkeys spend their days in larger groups, constantly moving through forest and meadows. The turkey does not have specific requirements in terms of diet, eating herbs and vegetables of all kinds of cereals, fruits, insects and small grasshoppers, seems to have a strong preference for certain types of nuts and berries. The time of reproduction begins in mid- February. Females and males are separated, and also for the night, choose trees locations distinct though not far from each other. At the call of the female masks are all approaching to it and begin courtship. The nest consists in a slight excavation of the ground , covered with some feather. These nests are built around the middle of April, in the most hidden to protect the eggs from predators. Are laid , 10-20 eggs per clutch, characterized by red marks on a yellow background - dark.
The mother with care and precaution is dedicated to the care of the eggs, covering them carefully dried leaves every time he has to abandon them, if for some unforeseen circumstance the female is finally forced to ignore their own nest, goes to a second brood, while, if all shall regularly, and the incubation occurs only once during the year. Just shell, the chicks are kept by the mother under her wings, warm. They are then carried out in search of food. After two weeks, the turkeys are already able to get up in the air, and begin to spend nights on the low branches of the trees. Growth is rapid, and already in August the young are strong enough and prudent to defend against attacks of their predators. Making a turkey farm for self consumption requires sustained efforts, however, no doubt will bring substantial benefits in terms of savings and quality meat food . The method of extensive breeding ground, it is the most healthy and respectful to the environment and animal welfare. To start the turkey farms should be set up a chicken coop with fence attached where they will be placed the turkey chicks . The structure must be sufficiently spacious and ensure the welfare of animals. You can proceed to purchase the turkeys with 2 or 3 days of life in some specialty store or from a local breeder. The little turkeys during the first few days should be maintained at an appropriate temperature (especially at night), they may die from the cold , and if necessary to install heating lamps . After at least 3 days kept locked up in the pen with chicken coop, small turkeys can be left free to graze, gradually , in the area adjacent to the fence with the house; Necessary to prevent possible incursions (even day) of predators such as foxes, weasels , wild dogs and even birds of prey to protect the turkey chicks until they reach maturity. Turkeys should be back in the hen house, in the evening hours, it is useful to fill the feeders in the late afternoon to encourage the return of turkeys in pens . The chicken coop (with all the turkeys in it) should be closed at night and open in the morning. In the enclosure must be at least a trough with water always fresh, during the summer it is advisable to have areas with shade (trees, canopies , etc.). The grazing area must have a big extension as an important part of the diet of turkey is found in the fields, the rest can be powered with specific biological fodder for each growth phase. We recommend that you fill the feeders during the afternoon to facilitate eating in the pasture during the day, it is also important to ensure the daily food amount adequate to the needs of growth. The mixed pasture with other animals such as chickens, ducks, geese, rabbits, pigs, goats, etc.. is recommended as it optimizes the use of resources and space available, which are not always reach too high poultry density . The diet of the turkey can be supplemented with fresh vegetables, fruit remains, mashes and nettle. It is essential that during the day have fresh water and shade, especially in warmer climates . The curing time is slow-growing , from birth, is at least 150 days for females and 180 days for males, from these terms turkeys have reached the proper weight and can sacrifice them. Visit our products for turkeys!The CPGSL Version 3 Revision 1 has been designed to preserve the author’s rights of editing, copying and distributing. This license however, has been designed to fit the purpose of free software in which transaction of money is not, in any case involved for either selling or buying of software. Moreover, a CPGSL licensee is required to produce a copy of the latter license without alteration to recipients of the software if he/she has been authorized to do redistribution. The CPGSL Version 3 Revsion 1 also includes a warranty disclaimer which discloses clearly that the author or copyright owner of the software is not in any case responsible of software malfunction or system failure caused by a CPGSL licensed software. It also restricts the user from using a CPGSL licensed software for any malicious, illegal or for unauthorized purposes. Read and download the license to have an in-depth appreciation.I'm an aspiring one-hit-wonder. Please look at my youtube page if you get the chance and listen to one of my songs :) I'm a little eccentric - I unicycle, write music, love going for long runs while belting out whatever I'm listening to, I teach fitness classes (high intensity interval training and power yoga, mostly). I'm an RA in the residence halls. I feel overwhelmed in a group of people unless I'm "leading" them, and being an RA lets me do that. I love helping people - I've had people come to me with anything from thinking a friend is suicidal to relationship problems to just wanting to talk about anything and everything. It's a hard job but it's been more rewarding than I could ever describe. I probably exercise an excessive amount. Seriously. I teach 4 fitness classes a week, try to run about 10-15 miles a week, lift 3-6 times a week and swim about an hour and a half a week. And I usually spend about 2 hours a week on an elliptical studying - yea, that's how I study, on an elliptical. I think that exercise is something everyone should do - you owe it to your body. I think it would be a terrible fate to have a mind that fully functions and a body that doesn't, because of your choices. I don't take myself very seriously, unless I need to. I laugh at myself more than I criticize myself. I truly believe in the power of positive thought. I used to be a very negative person and in a very negative point in my life - it was a very special friend of mine who mentioned it to me, and I made the change to be positive. You are in control of your happiness, don't hold yourself back. I'm majoring in exercise science with an emphasis in physiology and a minor in psychology. Through my major I learn how the body works, and with my minor I learn how the mind works. I think they go together well. I LOVE physiology and get more excited about it than I should... So my next plan is a Master's in Kinesiology or Exercise Physiology. right now i'm just doing what i want to. I'm exercising a lot, kickboxing, hip-hop dance, weight lifting. I'm in college and I love it. I'm a certified group fitness instructor and I teach fitness classes at my REC Center at school and at a small gym. I teach interval, yoga, kickboxing - anything they need me to. I love it! I write music. I think I'm actually a decent lyricist and would love to get my music out there and write songs for people. I think it'd be a cool way to stay behind the scenes while still doing some cool stuff with your words. making any situation awkward no matter how hard I try not to. making any situation awkward, even when I try to. I'm very much myself. I smile. A lot. People tell me I carry around an aura of positivity, and I'd like to think that I do. Apparently my hair is really nice, and I have light brown eyes. And a lot of people expect me to be taller when they meet me... I'm not that tall, but I'm not that short either. Honorable mentions: "His Dark Materials" trilogy: Golden Compass, Subtle Knife, and Amber Spyglass. 1984, The Penelopiad, The Handmaid's Tale, The End of Overeating, The Name of the Wind, The Kite Runner, The Year of the Flood (sequel to Oryx and Crake), metamorphoses (by ovid), The Aeneid (Virgil) Favorite Music: I have some sickening obsession with Kelly Clarkson. Others I like are: Katy Perry, Jon McLaughlin, The Script, Taylor Swift, P!nk, Florence + The Machine, David Cook, Matchbox Twenty, Maroon 5, Carrie Underwood, Imagine Dragons T.V. shows: Lost, Pretty Little Liars, Scandal, Once Upon a Time, Revenge, Sleepy Hollow, Orange is the New Black, American Horror Story, Modern Family, House, The Closer, Law and Order SVU, Ugly Betty, Brothers and Sisters, Cash Cab, How it's Made, American Idol, Fringe, Monk, Scrubs, South Park, wipeout, Pushing Daisies, So You Think You Can Dance, Heroes, ...Fairly Odd Parents!!! Favorite movies: whatever I feel like... but i will watch all horror movies. sometimes they are good, sometimes they end up comedies. either way i'm happy! Food: I'm a picky eater... but Chinese, American and Italian is generally good Water: Because I had to pick something normal. And it's delicious. And free. And it's free. Yea, guys, it's free. Protein shakes: because I like the taste. It's like keebler elves blended with the blood of unicorns. Music: because how else would I get people to stare at me while I'm driving? I'm usually belting out Kelly Clarkson. Pillow Pets: because I'm not allowed to have pets in the dorms, a pillow pet is a close second. And, it can be a pillow when I need it. Or a friend to talk to. Sometimes they talk back to me. I think that's supposed to happen... Exercise: because it keeps me sane. I think. It's usually either a lie or they are conceited. And I find it hilarious. I think about lyrics to songs I hear, or things I could write. Or what TV show I could watch. Or what pillow pet I could buy. maybe something spontaneous. I don't drink much.. my parties consist of cakes and movies, with some awkward story telling in between. I'm pretty blunt when I need to be, but never without reason. I believe in honesty, and if you want honesty I can give it to you. If you ever need help or someone to talk to, I'm here. I'm spontaneously busy and sometimes I forget to respond, but I care - A lot. I tend to talk a lot (if that isn't obvious..) and i can usually end up finding something to talk about with anyone. Try not to be annoying and say something meaningful, and I'll almost always respond. I don't have the "perfect" guy in mind because, to me, the "perfect" guy doesn't exist. Everyone is different, everyone is flawed, and everyone has potential. To me, it's a lot about how they live their lives. So there are a few things that I look for in particular - no smoking or drugs, no heavy drinking (social drinking is fine, but getting trashed every weekend gets old fast), at least moderately taking care of themselves health wise... I'm not too picky on the "perfect" body either. I dated a guy with the 'perfect' body but he didn't workout or eat healthy or do anything to maintain it, it was just natural and that wasn't attractive to me. What's more attractive is when a guy takes care of themselves.She was right on time, and on this very hot day, we drove to Maryborough and straight to the Art Gallery, which is called Gatakers Artspace and is situated on Kent Street. The Artist introduced me to all of the staff and then showed me around the floor space. We then made inquiries as to what props and other resources were available to us for the exhibition. We discussed some ideas over coffee and scones in a little coffee house/book store. The Artist took me to the art supplies store where I met an incredibly talented artist by the name of Bette Phillips. She creates the most amazing pastel paintings. The photos of her art on the website really do not do them justice. In particular, I love her Wine and Music collection. Then we drove around Maryborough looking at some Art Deco architecture and taking a few shots before heading to The Muddy Waters Cafe for lunch where we shared a smoked salmon pizza and wine and discussed some more ideas for the exhibition. There were some fabulous photo opportunities on the old wharf there. After the floods in January, there is only a small section of the old wharf left, which is fenced off for safety reasons |Part of the old wharf on the Mary River.| |An old rusty mooring ballard.| |Art Deco style home.| All in all, I had a really good day. I met some lovely people. I saw some fabulous pieces of art. I learnt a lot about my friend, the Artist. I discovered some parts of Maryborough that I didn't know existed, including Baddow House, which I will talk more about in tomorrow's post. It's just the start, of what I expect to be, a big year ahead. So much to do, so little time! Thank you, Universe, for my arty farty friend.1803 – Birr Castle, Co. Offaly There has been a castle on the site since 1170, and from the 14th to the 17th century the O’Carroll family ruled from here over an area known as “Ely O’Carroll”. Sir Laurence Parsons was granted Birr Castle and 1,277 acres of land in 1620. He promptly engaged English masons in the construction of a new castle on the site of the O’Carroll’s gatehouse. “Flankers” were added to the gatehouse diagonally at either side, giving the castle the plan it retains today. A later descendant, Laurence Parsons, 2nd Earl of Rosse, rebuilt the castle, heightened and “Gothicised” it in the early 19th century, to the building we see today. In the first decade of the nineteenth century Architect John Johnston helped Sir Laurence Parsons design Gothic alterations and additions to Birr Castle, Co. Offaly; but he seems to have been responsible for little more than working drawings based on the ideas of Parsons. William Parsons, 3rd Earl of Rosse, was responsible for the construction of the “Great Telescope” or Leviathan at Birr. When completed in 1845, it was the largest telescope on earth, and capable of capturing more light and seeing further into space than any telescope had done before.Who knew Nirvana's "Smells Like Teen Spirit" could be a jazz jam? Certainly not the vast majority of rockers who latched onto the song. But The Bad Plus wasn't fooled. The trio's straight-up jazz cover of the now-classic anthem smokes. Two rock vets and a classical adherent who grew up as buddies, The Bad Plus is making the freshest jazz noise in years. Quite simply: It rocks. Drummer David King tells us why. Q: So what's "jazzy" about "Smells Like Teen Spirit"? A: There's a very strong melody to it. If you look at the raw materials, it's no different than Coltrane's "A Love Supreme." It's a modal harmony. The energy's the same, the attitude's the same. We take it, swing it a little bit, and try to retain the original energy of it. Q: Isn't improvised music or "free jazz" really just a tag for a group that can't play in time together? A: When not done really well, some free jazz can be really atrocious. But it's a really difficult thing to do. Q: Two thirds of the band is bald. That's got to influence the music. A: It might have an influence on anyone finding us attractive. OTHER TOP SHOWS THIS WEEK Cake, Cheap Trick, The Detroit Cobras, The Hackensaw Boys. 6 p.m. Wed. $33.50. Riviera Theatre, 4746 N. Racine Ave. 312-559-1212. Drive By Truckers. 10 p.m. Fri. and 10 p.m. Sat. $15. Abbey Pub, 3420 W. Grace St. 773-478-4408. Festival Mariachi Vargas, Marco Antonio Muniz. 8 p.m. Sun. $48-$78. Chicago Theatre, 175 N. State St. 312-559-1212. Fleetwood Mac. 8 p.m. Sat. $49.50-$125. United Center, 1901 W. Madison St. 312-559-1212. Edwin McCain Band. 9 p.m. Sat. Sold out. 9 p.m. Sun. $20. House of Blues, 329 N. Dearborn St. 312-923-2000. Wayne Wonder. 9 p.m. Sat. $30. Park West, 322 W. Armitage Ave. 312-559-1212.Appeal from an order denying a writ of habeas corpus. The respondent is the warden of the state prison of the state of California, at San Quentin, and holds the petitioner in custody under a judgment of the superior court of San Luis Obispo county, state of California, in which court he had been indicted, tried, and found guilty of the crime of murder, and sentenced to be hanged. The petition under review is the second presented to the circuit court. The first was denied on the ground 'that application for relief on behalf of said Burt Ross should first be made to the courts of the state.' Thereupon a petition was presented to the supreme court of the state of California, and denied. A writ of error to this court was also denied. The ground of the petition is that the grand jury by which the indictment was found was not selected in accordance with law, and that, therefore, his conviction, sentence, and commitment do not constitute due process of law, and that he is deprived of his liberty in violation of the 14th Amendment of the Constitution of the United States. [191 U.S. 60, 61] Messrs. W. C. Van Fleet and W. B. Treadwell for appellant. Messrs. U. S. Webb, E. B. Power, and C. N. Post for appellee. Mr. Justice McKenna delivered the opinion of the court: By the Constitution of the state of California no person can be held for a crime unless on information, after examination and commitment by a magistrate, or an indictment by a grand jury. Const. 1879, 8. By 204 to 211, inclusive, of the Code of Civil Procedure of the state (prior to the amendments hereinafter stated), it was made the duty of each of the superior courts of the state to fix, by order, the number of grand jurors and trial jurors required for the transaction of business and the trial of causes during the ensuing year; and it was made the duty of the boards of supervisors of the counties, upon the making of said order, to select from the last preceding assessment roll a list of persons competent and suitable to serve as grand jurors, and also a list of persons to serve as trial jurors, and certify said lists, and place the same with the county clerk, who, upon receiving them, was required to file them in his office, 'and write down the names contained thereon, on separate pieces of paper, of the same size and appearance, and fold each piece so as to conceal the name thereon,' and 'deposit the pieces of paper having on them the names of the persons selected to serve as grand jurors in a box to be called the 'grand jury box,' and those having on them the names of persons selected to serve as trial jurors in a box to be called the 'trial jury box." Grand jurors and trial jurors were required to be drawn respectively from these boxes, by lot, by the clerk, in the presence and by order of the court. Code Civ. Proc. 241, 242. On March 23, 1893, the legislature passed an act entitled 'An Act to Amend Sections 204, 205, 206, and 208 of the Code [191 U.S. 60, 62] of Civil Procedure.' Cal. Stat. 1893, p. 297. By this act, it was provided that the superior court, after making the order stating the number of grand jurors which in its opinion would be required for the business of the court, 'shall select and list the grand jurors required by said order to serve as grand jurors in said superior court during the ensuing year.' It was left the duty of the board of supervisors to select a list of trial jurors. The grand jury which indicted the petitioner was selected under this act. Illegally selected, it is contended, because 'it is the law of the state of California that an act with only such a title' is void under the Constitution of the state, and that, therefore, the sections of the Code of Civil Procedure, the substance of which we have given above, remained the law of the state. For this contention petitioner relies on Lewis v. Dunne, 134 Cal. 291, 55 L. R. A. 833, 66 Pac. 478. The title of the act passed upon in that case is as follows: 'An Act to Revise the Code of Civil Procedure of the State of California by Amending Certain Sections, Repealing Others, and Adding Certain New Sections.' The act was held void under that section of the Constitution of the state which provides that 'every act shall embrace but one subject, which subject shall be expressed in its title. . . . No law shall be revised or amended by reference to its title; but, in such case, the act revised or section amended shall be re-enacted and published at length as revised or amended.' The decision was rendered upon a petition for mandamus to a judge of the superior court of the city and county of San Francisco, but what action to command does not appear. The petitioner, however, contended that both the title and body of the act showed that the act was intended to be, and was, a revision of the Code, and therefore invalid, because the law revised was not 'reenacted and published at length as revised.' The court said it could see no sufficient answer to the contention. That contention is not made in the case at bar. The act of 1893 re-enacted and published at length the sections amended, and is confined to their amendment. But the act passed upon [191 U.S. 60, 63] in Lewis v. Dunne was also held void because its title did not express its subject,-nor, indeed, any subject. 'It is apparent,' the court said, 'that the language of the title of the act in question, in and of itself, expresses no subject whatever.' The words 'in and of itself' were used to distinguish an expression of the subject by 'reference,' and the reference, it was said, was really not to the title of any former act; it was merely to 'the Code of Civil Procedure of the state of California.' It was asked: 'Now, what is the Code of Civil Procedure? It is merely a name given to a large part of the general laws of the state. The part of the great body of our laws which is to be found under that name is not confined to any particular subject or subjects, but includes substantive law, criminal law, and legislation that might be properly classed under any category whatever, as well as 'civil procedure.' The reference, therefore, was not to one subject, but to many; and the revising act dealt, the court said, 'with a vast variety of subjects,' many of which were 'totally distinct from each other;' and many of them had 'no relation to civil procedure, while others were partly procedure and partly substantive law,-declaration as to personal and property rights.' These observations are certainly not applicable to the act of 1893. That amends 204, 205, 206, and 208 by designating them, and re-enacts and publishes them at length. It has but one purpose and contains but one subject. It amends particular sections; it does not revise a whole code. In People ex rel. Atty. Gen. v. Parvin, 74 Cal. 549, 16 Pac. 490, an act was considered with the following title: 'An Act to Amend Section 3481 of the Political Code.' The case was not unqualifiedly approved in Lewis v. Dunne. It was not, however, overruled, and it seems to be an irresistible conclusion from the action of the supreme court of the state in denying the application of petitioner, that the act of 1893 was not ruled by Lewis v. Dunne, and was not void under the Constitution of the state. We accept the conclusion. It has support, if it need any, in Beach v. Von Detten, [191 U.S. 60, 64] decided by the supreme court of California, June 26, 1903 (73 Pac. 187), where it was held (we quote from the syllabus) that 'the title of an amendatory act which gives the title of the original act in full, and the number of the section in its amended form, is sufficient.' People ex rel. Atty. Gen. v. Parvin, 74 Cal. 549, 16 Pac. 490, was cited, and it was observed that that case was discussed in Lewis v. Dunne, 'and distinguished, but not overruled.' And it was also observed that the Parvin Case had been approved in Francais v. Somps, 92 Cal. 503, 28 Pac. 592. Order affirmed. Mandate forthwith.- Why .LGBT? - Get .LGBT .LGBT Domain Advocate Program Afilias’ Domain Advocate Program gives visionary brands, businesses, and organizations with .LGBT domain names in order to promote and showcase the unique ways that .LGBT can be used. .LGBT, is the first and most inclusive internet domain dedicated to the Lesbian, Gay Bisexual and Transgender community. A perfect choice for LGBT Organizations as well as Corporations, Businesses and Brands that want to show their inclusivity and connect with an LGBT audience, .LGBT domains instantly indicate that your site features content that is relevant to an LGBT audience. Benefits to Advocates: - Inclusion in .LGBT marketing outreach (Press Releases, News Stories, Events, Blogs, Tweet
s, Facebook posts, etc.) - Once your site is launched – or re-launched, if that’s the case – Afilias will work with you to promote the site via press releases, interviews, showcases, and other mutually agreed-upon promotional vehicles.Prompted by Don Alfonso, a cynical old philosopher, two young idealists decide to put their lovers’ fidelity to the test. But love will teach them a bitter lesson Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart L. Da Ponte The Artist’s Garden tells the intertwining stories of American Impressionism and The Garden Movement which flourished between 1887–1920. Both movements responded to rapid social change brought about by America’s industrialisation. With increasing urbanisation prompting the emerging middle-class to seek refuge in the suburbs, they began to spend their free time and wealth cultivating impressive private gardens. Using forensic document examination and professional testimony, this film sets out to prove that Anna Magdalena Bach, the second wife of Johann Sebastian Bach, was the composer - or joint composer - of some of his most famous works. Best Documentary Winner at the 2017 Classical Arts Film Festival.The Annual MAG Christmas Party is this Tuesday, 12/14/10, at 7 PM at the Matthews Community Center. Social Time starts at 6:30 PM. All members and their spouses are invited. Bring a side or dessert to share along with a knitted item for a child (unwrapped), and tip money for our entertainment, guitarist, Bob West. MAG will provide the entree, ham, along with beverages. Love to eat? Then you've got to make it to this meeting! Merry Christmas to all from the Matthews Artist Guild!Creating a Culture of Engagement is a highly interactive two-day instructor-led experience where leaders learn how to increase employee engagement and strengthen teams, leading to tangible business results. It is a hands-on, process-oriented, action learning session. The focus is on what the organization needs to do, as well as what individual leaders need to do, to create collaborative teams and a culture of engagement. Researched and developed by Wilson Learning, the purpose of Creating a Culture of Engagement is for leaders: - To understand they have the responsibility for creating a culture of engagement for their own team and across their organization. - To understand the five critical elements of creating a culture of engagement. - To know what they must do to create the five elements of an engagement culture in their own team and organization. Leaders need to understand employees have a choice to be engaged or not. The leader’s role is to actively and intentionally work to create a culture of engagement. During this 2 day workshop, participants will focus on the following key learnings: Engagement happens when employees feel they are part of something important and have something to believe in. Engagement happens when employees are expected to give their best and know what they are being held accountable for. When this is the case, personal accountability increases. Engagement happens when employees feel connected with each other, focus on mutual interest, and operate with shared responsibility. Engagement happens when employees are well informed, involved, and able to openly express their thoughts and feelings. Simply stated, people want to feel “in” on things. Engagement happens when employees feel they matter—that they have a valued place in the organization. Online Engagement Audit To maximize the learning experience and engage leaders before the session, the direct reports of participants complete an online Engagement Audit. These direct reports rate the organization’s leadership team collectively on how well they execute in providing each of the five elements of engagement. During the session, leaders receive an organizational summary of the Engagement Audit results. The report shows the strengths and greatest needs for each of the five engagement elements. This workshop is designed to be flexible and dynamic in its content and implementation, based on the needs and priorities of the client organization. Most organizations take the Engagement Audit score, identify the engagement elements with the greatest gaps, and focus the hands-on action learning exercises on the elements with the greatest need. During each of the modules, leaders learn how each element contributes to a culture of engagement. An expert facilitator, skilled in Process Facilitation, leads exercises and activities and uses tools to guide leaders through discussions on each of the five elements and the implications from the audit results. The trainer then helps leaders identify actions they can take to create the conditions necessary to maximize the power of the targeted element across the organization. |Session Length:||2 Day Programs available| |Participant Materials:||Participant Guide, job aid card, eLearning follow-up modules| The five module Creating a Culture of Engagement program is typically delivered in a classroom setting but can be delivered in a blended classroom and electronic approach. NuVue Business Solutions works with your team to identify your business needs to ensure the delivery of the program targets your business challenges and objectives. Program content can be customized based on your business model.I wanted APCs with big fat tyres to fit in with the imagery from the Judge Dredd comics. Scanning about the 'net I decided upon the Bulldog troop transporters from Ground Zero Games. They are big and imposing enough to suit the justice department plus they do several versions which will be useful. So, ready for painting in the near future, here are a pair of transports plus an open top version that will have a plasma cannon and crew mounted. click picture to enlarge They assemble nicely but needed a bit of work to clean up some mould lines (the worse being the ones that run around the tyres and through the treads) I assembled them using Zap-a-Gap superglue as it fills any open joints. The antennae are simply lengths of paperclips cut to size.When the Academy announced a fortnight ago that they were pulling next year’s Oscar nominations announcement a full five days forward from the initially scheduled date, you’d have been forgiven for thinking — from the howls of anguished confusion, rippled with the odd delighted cackle, across the Oscar blogosphere — that they’d instead ruled all non-3D features ineligible for awards, or at least appointed James Franco the ceremony’s solo host. Some pundits’ sense of disorientation was guilelessly geeky: We’ll now know the Oscar slate for Best Film Editing before we do the Eddie nominees? Sacre bleu! Others, however, responded in a more conspiracy-minded fashion, sensing in the shift an open hostility to subordinate awards-season events. The rather specious explanation offered by the Academy for the move was that it was to allow voters more time to see the nominated films — that it simultaneously allows them less time to see the far larger pool of films hunting for nominations was left tactfully unsaid. Either way, what a difference five days makes. You wouldn’t think so, given that film awards season is a parade I don’t anyone has ever complained went by too quickly — even after the Academy lopped a full month off the dog-and-pony show a few years back by moving the ceremony into February. But observe the intricate domino arrangement of the season’s overstuffed cornucopia of precursor ceremonies and announcements — I serve on the awards committee for the London Critics’ Circle, and the selection of a date for even our comparatively modest shindig requires artful Battleship strategics — and it becomes clearer how a slight schedule switch by the biggest player in the game muddles the natural order of things. If the Oscar nominations now precede a Guild announcement (ASC, say, scheduled to unveil their nominees the day after the Academy) once regarded as a warm-up rituals, or if ballots are now due before the unlikely tastemakers of the National Society of Film Critics have their say, does that dent the smaller events’ significance? Should it? Idealists would say no, but the echo chamber of awards punditry is not well-stocked with idealists: Time journalist Steven James Snyder opined that the Academy “clearly... made this move to dampen the luster of the [Golden] Globes,” which will now air after Oscar nomination ballots are due — and suggesting that the HFPA’s more irreverent ceremony “will increasingly become a fringe affair.” This may be true from the tunnel-vision perspective of awards analysts, but certainly not from that of the viewing masses who tune into the Golden Globes solely to watch A-list stars dress up and get drunk — they can scarcely remember who won the next day, much less care about what influence those wins will have further down the road. If the Globes are a fringe affair, so are the Academy Awards — and a less fun one to boot. Furthermore, it’s hard to see why the Academy would take pointed measures to undermine the relevance of a ceremony that, in recent years, has seemed less concerned than usual with pre-empting the Oscars. That’s not just in their reliably dippy Comedy/Musical slates (trust me, voters didn’t nominate “Burlesque” for Best Picture to rubber-stamp its Academy appeal), but in loftier areas too: when they handed their top prize to “Atonement” in 2007, in the face of the film’s rapidly waning Oscar buzz, it was an act of loyalty, rather than prediction or coercion. As such the Globes have long projected a shade more personality into their choices than, say, the Broadcast Film Critics’ Association, who actively advertise their record of anticipating Oscar winners. And if the Academy’s compression of their voting calendar prods an outfit like the HFPA into further such off-consensus voting, that surely a development to be applauded rather than jeered. All of which brings the conversation round to what purpose precursors should serve at all. The very word is problematic, implying a level of indicative consequence, and that’s duly how they’re treated in the industry. The Globes, BAFTAs, Guild awards and even some of the high-end critics’ awards are primarily evaluated in terms of the likelihood of their choices mirroring the Academy’s — to the point that a group like the NSFC is labelled “perverse” in some quarters for handing their top prize to such anti-bait items as “Melancholia” or “Yi Yi.” If all voting groups, however, were equivalently independent in their selections — serving up a buffet of favorites from the year, rather than collectively glomming onto a handful of ordained frontrunners — it’s not just just the season that would become more interesting: the Academy’s own final verdict could be more richly informed too. If it seems awards season becomes more predictable every year, that’s not an accident. The number of pre-Oscar prizes has mushroomed alarmingly in the last 20-odd years, with the invention of Producers’, Actors’ and certain other Guild awards buttressed by the BAFTAs’ turn-of-the-century decision to precede the Oscars (and shift to an Oscar-echoing five-nominee format), as well as the increasing media attention afforded the misnamed BFCA Critics’ Choice Awards since their inauguration in 1995. And while the proliferation would appear to promise more prizes for everyone, it all too often comes down to more redundant recognition of single contenders who, however outstanding, are inevitably overloaded: can an awards-guzzling performance like Helen Mirren’s in “The Queen” really be thatirrefutably superior to the competition, or are such sweeps built more on the desire for agreement? And if so, who really wins aside from the trophy-laden champion? Certainly not the precursor ceremonies, the repetitiousness of which makes them both swiftly forgettable and dubiously prestigious: how many people really remember the odd SAG wins that aren’t cashed in for Oscar statuettes a few weeks later? And certainly not the Oscars, the dwindling viewership figures of which can’t be entirely unrelated to the fact that many of the night’s acceptance speeches have generally been rehearsed and televised several times over in the preceding weeks. If, as some pundits have suggested, the acceleration of their nomination announcement is a preliminary move to bring the ceremony itself closer to January, this may yet be a gesture of retaliation against the pre-Oscars shows. Should this become a fixed schedule, some precursors will inevitably shift forward too, in dull Simon-says fashion: just look how dutifully the Producers’ Guild hopped to attention after the Academy announced the expansion to 10 Best Picture nominees in 2009. But there’s only so far they can bend without infringing on the notion of voting on a calendar year’s worth of releases. (Though if this helped disperse the annual December prestige-picture glut, that’d be no bad thing.) Rather, precursor awards should look on the potential de-synchronization of the awards calendar as an opportunity to establish their own distinct voting identities, to divorce themselves from the notion of Oscar clairvoyance. The Hollywood Foreign Press can go with their bad Euro-trash selves. BAFTA members can recognize British films beyond just those pre-approved by overseas awards bodies. Guilds can use their specific professional expertise to recognize outstanding technical achievements that laymen wouldn’t — and not just throw idle bones to the production and costume designers of “The Descendants.” Go free, voters. Five days may not make a lot of difference right now, but a window has been opened. Check out my updated predictions HERE and, as always, see how Kris Tapley, Greg Ellwood and I collectively think the season will turn out at THE CONTENDERS.Or Login using BecomeGorgeous Please fill the form below and follow the further instructions. Except for all-natural, homemade beauty products which are expected to go bad sooner than all others and usually have easily noticeable signs, it can be quite difficult to estimate the moment when most beauty products should be tossed. However, learning to recognize the signs early can save us from a lot of frustration if problems appear like inefficiency or embarrassing irritations. From plain moisturizers to fancy, expensive anti-aging serums and products, everything has an expiration date that should be considered. Waiting for the product... Read More Proper skin care can be a quite challenging task regardless of your skin type, however sensitive skin often rises additional problems due to the numerous factors that can influence the overall result. Although the green beauty routine is to use strong essential oils. Lavender, peppermint or tea tree oil should be used for spot treatments only as they might cause irritations otherwise.Here are some commonly used ingredients that you should look out for whenever you are unsure if the product you are about to purchase is the right one for you.... Read More Fancy creams, serums and lotions. We are somewhat conditioned to believe that these are the main things we need to have a clear, healthy looking skin. The truth, however, is often more complicated than that as the ways in which we use certain products can greatly impact their efficiency. Have a better skin starting with today with these easy to apply skin care tips: Schedule exfoliation at night You might think that it makes little difference when you choose to exfoliate your skin as long as you do it at the right frequency. Ho... Read More In the area of beauty and skin care, opinions are very divided when it comes to what's necessary, how much you should spend on beauty products or even how effective certain so called miracle ingredients really are. However, no matter how you approach beauty care, the importance of using beauty products efficiently is more than obvious. With so many constantly changing beauty rules, it can be hard to keep up with everything and mistakes can easily occur. Let's shed some light as to how beauty products are supposed to be used:Sunscreen... Read More In the skin care industry, the search for revolutionary ingredients that will take your skin care routine to the next level is a continuous one. Between AHAs, Alpha-Lipoic Acids and other ingredients, the addition of various vitamins might be seen as a well deserved bonus. Both conventional skin care products and those focused on natural, organic ingredients seem to harness the amazing power of vitamins and antioxidants in order to deliver the expected results. However, although effective ingredients in skin care immediately get med... Read MoreThe other day, I once asked. How to be a Musicians friend? I paused, because I really don’t know what to say! Then I realized, I had a friend who already moved to a new place. We were so close before. He introduced me on how to use a guitar, I remembered he always taught me how to use it. But after he moved, I stopped learning it. But yeah, how to be friends with them?Authority attributes are basic in any vocation if an individual is to ever advance, however Vozel Inc. trust that in the deals and advertising industry particularly, having administration qualities is a need. The pace and unconventionality of the earth implies that experts must have the capacity to think and react quickly and assume responsibility of a circumstance keeping in mind the end goal to create reliable outcomes. Situated in Detroit Vozel Inc. have some expertise in occasion advertising and deals, which implies that every day they are running effort and associating with clients. To guarantee every battle runs effectively and that every client gets a customized and essential administration the firm are always imparting the establishments of initiative among their workforce. This permits every illustrative to build up the certainty and ability to guarantee every client’s individual needs are provided food for, and permits them to advance inside the organization and impart their experience and information to different agents inside the organization. About Vozel Inc.: http://www.vozelinc.com Vozel Inc. trusts that with the correct direction and assurance, the greater part of individuals can get to be distinctly powerful pioneers. Be that as it may, the firm believes that there is a sure arrangement of aptitudes which can make the initiative trip less demanding. Here, the firm have sketched out the aptitudes they search for in potential pioneers. Relationship building abilities Being a pioneer requires an expert to have the capacity to speak with others decidedly. This implies being open and agreeable, and having the capacity to get on specific sentiments and feelings that others may not be responsive to. Pioneers don’t sit tight for the work to come to them. Incredible pioneers are always surveying circumstances and searching out approaches to enhance with the goal that objectives can be accomplished proficiently. A few people outside the business world trust a pioneer’s occupation is to bark arranges however this is basically not genuine. An incredible pioneer works with their group, and helps them to enhance and outperform their potential through inspiration and preparing. Vozel Inc. is a main deals and occasion promoting firm situated in Detroit, Michigan. The firm help customers from over the US contact a more extensive group of onlookers and shape enduring associations with their purchasers through eye to eye engagement. The company’s creative showcasing effort are executed crosswise over Michigan and the firm buckle down for their customers’ sake to guarantee that every client who comes into contact with these battles is permitted committed time to make inquiries and share their contemplations. This customized way to deal with showcasing and deals has permitted the firm to significantly support their customers’ image notoriety, and has prompted to an expansion in deals and client dependability. Vozel Inc. trust it’s critical to bolster the improvement of potential pioneers, and have made their own particular program which offers members the chance to participate in instructive courses and systems administration occasions where they can grow their comprehension of initiative. The firm are quick to offer their program to any individual who has the above abilities and has an enthusiasm for deals and advertising and are accordingly reassuring any invested individuals to connect. Wayne Washington, Overseeing Executive of Vozel Inc. trusts that the deals and promoting industry is an extraordinary preparing ground for those with an energy for business. ‘The business encompasses you with likeminded, driven individuals, and furnishes you with a genuine chance to test yourself. There’s nothing very like it.’ Vozel Inc. are advertising pros who create customized crusades keeping in mind the end goal to produce quality leads for their customers. For more data Take after @VozelInc on Twitter and Like them on Facebook.Nearly 500,000 credit union members are now registered users of the mobile remote deposit capture service from Vertifi Software LLC. Nashville corporate re-selling CU Mobile Apps product from Member Service Solutions. The $2.1 billion, 188,800-member Coastal Federal Credit Union in Raleigh, N.C. has added check capture by smartphone. Three words jump out of the just released report from Boston Mass research firm Aite Group about “Credit Unions’ Online and Mobile Channel Strategies”: mobile, mobile and more mobile. They are the $377 million City & County Credit Union in St. Paul, Minn., and the $139 million Summit Credit Union in Greensboro, N.C. Numbers from ForeSee research again favor non-profit financial cooperatives; apps considered superior to mobile websites. A blog post on the Atlanta Federal Reserve Bank’s website is blunt: to stay competitive financial institutions need to offer mobile remote deposit capture. New York credit union says 1,000 members downloaded it in first two weeks, used it 700 times for more than $200,000 in deposits. Meriwest Credit Union announced it has turned on bill pay inside its mobile banking app and that adoption has been brisk. WASHINGTON — A couple major players in mobile software development said they are opening their apps to third-party collaboration.The title says it all: we do it so that YOUR back doesn’t have to! The most overrun properties or flowerbeds can be tamed. We take the tedious task of weeding and brush removal off your plate and then use follow up services and the correct anti-weed agents to maintain the beauty of weed-free scenery. We all love the beauty we’re presented with each autumn as the leaves change colors and nature turns into an especially kaleidoscopic canvas of colors...BUT we also dread the hours of back-breaking work required to remove those leaves once they turn brown and cover our lawns and clog our gutters. Aside from the poor appearance when those leaves are starting to decompose and then get soaked by rain or snow, there is the danger of completely ruining your grass by stifling it under a layer of leaves. Mulch is often used to help prevent weeds from growing, and fallen leaves act like a layer of mulch starving your lawn of what it needs to sustain life and re-grow in the spring. Falconbridge Property Services not only takes care of this problem for you, we use our tried-and-true techniques and powerful leaf blowers to double our productivity and finish the job far faster than the average homeowner could. This saves you frustration, possibly achy muscles, and gives your cherished lawn the best chance to spring back at the end of winter....all at surprising prices! Don’t let the end of one beautiful season be the death of the next! Ideas for your property this post-Autumn: Gutter cleaning: if your gutters are already clogged with leaves from last year, they will only get worse as this year’s leaves fall. Clogged gutters fill with water and debris, getting heavier and heavier, and they allow water to flood the ground directly next to your house’s foundation. Improper drainage in these areas is a major cause of moisture problems in basements and foundations. Let us prevent such problems with a cursory downspout unclogging and gutter cleaning now, followed by a full cleaning after the leaves finish falling. Leaf clean-up packages: don’t wait for leaves to be piled 1ft high in your flowerbeds before cleaning them out. To keep your garden beautiful and healthy we offer packages that schedule to have the leaves removed from your property several times instead of just one giant cleaning; for best value have your gutters cleaned simultaneously! It is more cost affective for you, it protects your home, and it keeps your property looking good throughout the fall and winter!My Fourth of July Special features Hillsdale’s Dr. Larry Arnn reviewing with me the best of Dr. Harry Jaffa’s interview with me about the Declaration of Independence from a 2002 interview with the late great scholar of the Founding and Lincoln. It will be posted if you miss it at The Hillsdale Dialogue collection very soon after it airs. Also a part of the Fourth’s listening is a preview with Daniel Silva of his forthcoming The Black Widow. As I discuss with Silva, the book is a must read and not just because it is one of the country’s finest writ
ers at work at the very top of his game, but also because this book is a timely –and eerily prophetic look inside ISIS and its operations, told through the life of Gabriel Allon. Preorder the book now so that it reaches you on release day next week. The Black Widow will shoot to the top of the best seller lists as Silva’s novels always do, and in so doing will provide a crucial introduction into the history and operations –and deadly threat– of ISIS. Get a copy for yourself but also for every friend who does not grasp the full extent of this menace. They will learn even as they find themselves in the grip of a thriller that cannot be put down. HH: Now I turn to a different subject with an old radio friend of mine. And now, I actually have met Daniel Silva, the international bestseller, the author of the Gabriel Alon books, the 15 novels about Gabriel Alon, two other novels. He has a brand new one coming out, The Black Widow, in a week, which you can preorder at Amazon.com, and I have linked it. And I asked him to join me for a special July 4th conversation, because The Black Widow probably is the most important book of the summer, no matter who you are or where you live in America. I’ve had Joby Warrick on this program for hours talking about Black Flags. I’ve had Michael Weiss on the rise of ISIS. I’ve had General Stanley McChrystal on Team of Teams. I try and educate you about ISIS. I think The Black Widow will do more to make more Americans smart about ISIS than all of those combined. Daniel Silva, welcome back to the program. Congratulations. I think you’re at the peak of your literary powers with this, and it could not actually be more timely, sadly. DS: Sadly is the right word. I mean, I sort of got caught on this one, and then I started working on a book about an ISIS external operations network. You know, I wanted to take ISIS international, because I always believed that eventually, owing to any number of combinations of factors, that they were going to become an international terrorist organization, that they were going to strike targets in the West, that they were going to go after the far enemy and not just the near enemy. And I started thinking about what would make them do it, why would they do it, started working on this book, and all of a sudden, it came true. And it was very scary, because as I noted in the forward of the book, I started working on the book before Paris happened. My book opens with an attack in Paris. I wrote about the links between a Paris attack and a neighborhood of Molenbeek in Brussels before that all came out in connection with the Paris attacks, and later in the attack in Brussels. And so it was very odd to see something that you had dreamed up quite literally come true. And it rattled me. I have to be honest with you. I thought long and hard about setting the book aside and writing something else, because it suddenly wasn’t anything that was even remotely entertaining. And to me, to work on it, I was very saddened by what happened in Paris. And it sort of, I decided to finish it, to pretend that the Paris attacks had not happened in the world of the universe in which my characters live, and to finish the book, and to say something about ISIS along the way, and to, and I, you know, in keeping with your introduction, to sort of teach us about ISIS, and what ISIS potentially represents. And the result is The Black Widow. HH: I thank you for doing it. I thanked you in person when I saw you, because it is, some Americans just don’t read non-fiction. They do not read the New York Times, the Washington Post, the Wall Street Journal or international magazines. They don’t even watch in-depth reports on ISIS. But they will read thrillers when appropriately constructed. In the way that Le Carre taught us about the Soviets, you’re teaching us about ISIS in this book, and I think it’s going to resonate. And here we are talking after an Istanbul attack, and I want to update this. I haven’t seen you since Istanbul. A Russian, an Uzbekistan and a Kyrgyzstan terrorist operating out of Raqqa... DS: Not surprising. Not surprising. HH: Yeah, but they get there. They get to Raqqa, they train, then they go to Turkey. They’re renting an apartment, and they attack the airport, the kind of network operations that you describe in detail that a lot of Americans simply don’t believe ISIS has the capability of doing. DS: You know what? A very smart, very senior Israeli intelligence officer said to me recently we don’t know what we don’t know, okay? And so as I was working through the plot of the book early, before ISIS went international, as it were, trying to think why they would go international, why they would lash out, and thinking about their capabilities and talking to people about their capabilities, I was told that over and over again that they don’t have the ability to carry out true mass casualty attacks in the West, that they don’t have a network dedicated to it. And I, frankly, I didn’t believe it. I mean, how do you know what? Just because they haven’t demonstrated it yet doesn’t mean that they don’t have it. And I think it’s clear now, it’s clear that there is someone, or a group of people, a shura, a little council, who is directing. I mean, it’s as plain as the nose on your face now after Istanbul. These guys didn’t get together in a coffee shop in Raqqa and hatch this on their own and decide to go there. Someone, someone trained them, armed them, directed them, and dispatched them on their way to carry out this attack. HH: And it’s very sophisticated. The other thing that’s genuinely spooky, Daniel Silva, about The Black Widow, and we’ll talk about this in the segments ahead, but I want to touch on it, this past weekend, especially this past Sabbath, Jews around the world and people who support the state of Israel grieving the death of Hallel Ariel, a 13 year old American stabbed to death in her West Bank home as a result of a young Palestinian acting spontaneously. And throughout The Black Widow, there is this background murmuring of the reality of life in Israel today, which informs The Black Widow completely. And it’s in the headlines and the front pages today, in a way, because it’s an American victim, that maybe they don’t, normally aren’t aware of it, and it’s explained in The Black Widow. That’s also spooky. DS: Well, I was in Israel working on the book when this sort of started to percolate. And Gabriel Alon is a great lover of Jerusalem, as I explain in this novel, and I am a great lover. I love Jerusalem. And I go all over the place in Jerusalem, including into neighborhoods in East Jerusalem, Palestinian area in East Jerusalem. And you know, every day when I was there last summer, it would be some little incident somewhere around the Damascus Gate in the Muslim quarter of the old city, in one of the, you know, one of the things that people don’t realize about East Jerusalem is that there are sort of abutting neighborhoods of religious Jews right up against Palestinian areas. And they sort of, there’s a lot of friction there. And I just had a sense that something was about to really happen there. And then you know, I would go to the Damascus Gate, and a few hours later, someone would be stabbed, and I had just been there with my son, for example, you know, feeling like a complete idiot. And then it’s really broken out into the open. And I think it’s symptomatic, unfortunately, of the remarkable job that the Israeli Security Services have done in shutting down the Palestinian terrorist networks. And so it’s sort of a like a water balloon, you know, when you squeeze a water balloon, it’s going to pop out someplace. And I think that in a way, the stabbings and the low grade terrorism that’s taking place, or violence that’s taking place, is a result of Israel’s, you know, shutting down the networks. And at the same time the absolute lack of a peace process, and perhaps, in my opinion, the end of the peace process. And so there’s a lot of factors at play here. HH: Now Daniel Silva, we’re about to go to break, but one of the headlines of the weekend is the alleged identification of the planner of the Istanbul attack. In this book, there is a character, Saladin, who is a former, I’m not going to tell who he is, because that’s part of the book. But there’s a mastermind. DS: Well, we can tell who he is. HH: Okay, go ahead. DS: Saladin, we don’t know his real name. Saladin is a code name, a nom de guerre, but he is definitely a former Iraqi intelligence officer. And look, there were a lot of mistakes that were made on the way to this debacle that we face now that stretched across two administrations, multiple countries, a mishandling of the Arab Spring, a mishandling of the civil war in Syria, on and on. There’s plenty of blame to go around. But one of the things, that one of the most disastrous decisions that was made early was the decision to cut loose the entire Iraqi Army in a single day, and the de-Baathification order. It just put thousands of angry men on the streets with guns. And my character comes out of that. And what people don’t realize is that much of the senior Iraqi leadership, excuse me, ISIS leadership, is all ex-Iraqi military and intelligence guys. And they’re very good. HH: And we’re going to talk about that after the break. I didn’t want to do much, there won’t be many spoilers. That was a little bit of a reveal that Daniel Silva gave you. HH: But we’re not going to do any spoilers from the book, The Black Widow. A tiny bit of one there, but you kind of knew it from the beginning, so it’s not much of a spoiler. When I come back, we’re going to talk about ISIS. If you look at the map of Istanbul, where these terrorists came from, where they went to Raqqa, how far Raqqa is from Istanbul, you’ve got to read The Black Widow to understand this. Stay tuned. It’s linked at Hughhewitt.com. — – – — – – HH: Why am I playing La Boheme as I interview Daniel Silva, the author of The Black Widow, the must-read book of the summer? It’s a novel, but it will teach you more about ISIS than anything else you will willingly read, and you will not be able to stop reading The Black Widow. And I have linked The Black Widow for preorder so that it arrives on your door the very first day that it arrives. Daniel Silva, I’ve just this week been teaching 200 young conservatives for a week. And as I always do at the Young Conservative Leadership Summit, I recommended to them that they begin with The Kill Agent, and then move through all of your books to get a grip of the modern world. And I always recommend people read them in order. This is the first time, and you know, this, because I’ve interviewed you for a decade, that I’m recommending people read a book out of order, because The Black Widow is urgently necessary for people to read. And you tell the backstory. La Boheme is part of that backstory of Gabriel Alon, but let’s set it up for people. Go out of order. Read this, and then you can go back and start over. But give them the overview of the central characters really now kind of a part of people’s lives out of literature. DS: The central character of this series was never supposed to be the central character of a series. And it’s important to keep that in mind, that he was supposed to appear in one book, and one book only. HH: The Kill Artist, right? DS: And...yeah, he was going to be in The Kill Artist, and that was going to be it. And I was talked into writing a second book, and that book sold a lot more than the first book. And I actually had to be talked into writing the next book as well. And then by the time I finished that book, The Confessor, which is sort of considered a little minor classic, I knew that I had a series on my hands. But Gabriel is a rather unique character. He is, and he started out as an assassin. He worked on the Operation Wrath Of God, which was the Israel operation to hunt down and eliminate the perpetrators of the Munich Olympics massacre in 1972 And he sort of served on and off with Israeli intelligence over the years. He was in and out. He lost his wife and son to a terrible bombing in Vienna at the outbreak of the first Persian Gulf war, and he is now, at the end of this novel, and this is not a spoiler, because this has been coming, but he is now the chief of the Israeli Intelligence Service. And in the real world, we call it the Mossad, which is just a Hebrew word that means institute, by the way. And I never call it that. I just call it the Office, which is what they call it, actually. HH: You keep their headquarters on King David Boulevard as well, even though that’s not true. DS: I keep, yeah, the real headquarters is a little bit outside central Tel Aviv now. It has a funny name in English, or not in English, but it’s a Hebrew word, it’s, anyone who’s been to Israel knows that junctions are very important the way the country is laid out. So you go to this junction and that junction. So the Israeli headquarters of the Mossad sits at an important junction north of Tel Aviv. And I don’t say where it is. They don’t say where it is. Everyone in the country knows where it is. But I don’t say where it is, and I use the old headquarters, because I like the sound of it. HH: Now also, I want to assure people, although I’m pushing The Black Widow hard, because people need to be smart about ISIS right away, and they need to get smart in the way that it’s the most easily accessible for them, and that is, I believe, thrillers and beautifully-constructed thrillers, but I want to assure the Gabriel Alon cult out there that all of the characters are back, and a new one emerges who is really genuinely compelling. And I’ll just, we’ve got a minute to the break. When French Jews emigrate, and you detail the rise, the tidal wave of anti-Semitism in France, that when they emigrate, they often don’t become fully Israeli. They think they’re just French Jews living in Israel. DS: Yeah, you know, it’s a process, and I will paint a very lovely picture of Netanya for readers. And it’s to go to Netanya and sit in Independence Square now is to be sort of in Cannes or St. Tropez, because there are so many French Jews there. And they’ve, French bakeries and cafes have sprung up to cater to them, and it’s wonderful, but sad, but sad. HH: It’s an amazing portrait. I didn’t know about that. I have to go back to Israel just for that. I’ll be right back, America. The Black Widow is linked at Hughhewitt.com, one of my annual conversations with Daniel Silva. He’ll be back on pub date as well. But I’m giving you early warning. It’s going to sell out everywhere. Go order it from Amazon so it gets to your house, and get smart about ISIS. Buy it for your skeptical friends. We’ll be right back. — – — – HH: And you tackle some difficult things, Daniel Silva. I want to read from Page 79. Rousseau, who’s a French intelligence officer, was obviously tempted to ask Gabriel Alon about the circumstance of his one and only meeting with the American president, but he carried on with his lecture on ISIS instead. “The truth is, he said, ISIS is indeed Islamic. It has more in common with Muhammad and his earliest followers than some of the so-called experts care to admit. We are horrified when we read accounts of ISIS using crucifixion. We tell ourselves that these are the actions of barbarians, not men of faith. But ISIS doesn’t crucify only because it is cruel. It crucifies because according to the Koran, crucifixion is one of the prescribed punishments for the enemies of Islam. It crucifies, because it must. We civilized Westerners find this almost impossible to comprehend. The Israeli, Gabriel Alon says, we don’t.” I think that’s, it’s a very tiny part of a 400 page book, but it’s, a 500 page book, but it’s an amazingly important conversation. DS: You know, our current administration, for any number of reasons, has consistently tried to downplay the threat of ISIS and terrorism in general. I mean, remember, this was the president who told Bob Woodward, I believe, that we could survive another attack on a scale of 9/11 and be stronger as a result. I don’t think George Tenet would have agreed with that statement, but that’s another topic. You know, this idea that it’s not Islamic, I just think, is hogwash. And if, you know, if we could had videotape and international cable networks at the time when the earliest followers of Muhammad came sweeping out of the Arabian Peninsula and established a, you know, conquered I guess about a third of the known world at the time, I think they would have looked a great deal like ISIS. And I’m not, you know, don’t lump me in with those who think there’s something, you know, wrong with the entire religion of Islam. HH: Of course not. DS: But there is a strain of this puritanicalism that has grown largely out of Saudi Arabia, and these are the tenets of Wahhabism to a large degree. And to dismiss this as simply un-Islamic or not religious, I just think is silly, and ultimately dangerous... HH: Deeply dangerous. DS: ...because we’ve got to understand the historical forces at work here. I worry deeply about the future of the Middle East, the Arab world. You see where, you know, look, Europe is in trouble. The United States, our economy is sort of wheezing along at 1% growth, maybe. An entire swathe of the world is going nowhere fast. People are fleeing the Middle East. It’s being ravaged by unrest from end to end. And you know, the climate there is likely to grow worse over the coming decades if climate change does indeed come to fruition. And you know, this, I think that a, it is possible that a new Saladin-like figure, a new, you know, that ISIS could establish something like a new, a real caliphate. HH: And that’s why, one of the reasons I want people to read The Black Widow is so they will not indulge in overestimating the threat, and underestimating our Muslim allies. I think your picture of the Jordanian state, and of the Jordanian, help me with the pronunciation... DS: Mukhabarat is how we would say it. DS: And it’s essential to the book, and I think it’s essential to the story that look, these are our best friends in this fight right now. HH: Yup, yup. DS: And particularly because the Jordanians are Sunni. I mean, one of the things that happened here is that as Syria collapsed, and Iraq collapsed, and it, we have a, you know, hundreds of thousands, perhaps, you know, several million Sunnis living in this ungoverned space now, remember that Saddam Hussein was Sunni, and that the Iraqi Army was largely Sunni. So Iraq was a majority Shia state ruled by Sunnis. That all went away, and you know, they have an Alawite regime in Syria, you have, in effect, an Iranian-backed Shia regime in Iraq. You had this huge ungoverned space in the middle, and ISIS, to a very real extent, has stepped into the vacuum. HH: And to the destruction of all of our friends and the threat, and they’re all working together. The same people are working together, and that’s what I love about The Black Widow. The Israelis, long time at arms with the Jordanians and the Egyptians and the others, are nevertheless stitching together a rapprochement. The real peace... DS: Look, right now, right now, the relationships between Israel and Jordan, Israel and Egypt, quite frankly, Israel and the Saudis and the smaller Gulf Emirates, is astonishingly close. They are all in this together. And what has fallen off the, you know, the agenda is the peace process. And I’ve been skeptical about the peace process for a long time. I’ve never believed that there’s going to be a Palestinian state in my lifetime, never more so than now. But as a result of America pulling back, our president’s foreign policy in the Middle East during this time, it has in effect pushed the Israelis and the existing Sunni states closer and closer together. They are working hand and glove. HH: I’m talking with Daniel Silva. His new novel, The Black Widow, comes out next week. You can preorder it at Amazon.com. It’s a must-read manual on ISIS, where it comes from, where it’s going, who is running it, how capable it is, and of course, no spoilers again, everybody knows in the novel from the beginning, and in the real world, ISIS would love to strike Washington, D.C. They would love to. And the question is, what capabilities do they have? What you do a great job of is illustrating from encrypted chat rooms to the employment of black widows. One in four women will become black widows who are married to ISIS fighters, indoctrinated, as you say, embittered, vengeful. All it takes is a good recruiter or a talent spotter to turn them into ticking time bombs. They have been successfully so used. The Russian, the Uzbekistan, the Kyrgyzstan men who attacked in Istanbul were not black widows. They’re obviously front line Salafists. But the possibility of the attack, the reality of their competencies, you spend a lot of time talking about this. You had to learn the encrypted world, which I think is going to be news and important for people to learn from The Black Widow. DS: Right. You know, and I did the best I could with it in a fictional sense. I didn’t want to get bogged down in it. I actually don’t enjoy writing about technology at all. So I did the best I could with it, and but it is what we basically have to, unless our government is not telling us the truth, that they have gone dark, and that they communicate in different ways. And you know, do they have, is there a network that is capable of training, arming and orchestrating a large-scale attack in the United States? The answer is I don’t know, but we would be idiots to assume there isn’t. We would really be foolish. And so that said, you know, the notion of ISIS-directed and ISIS-inspired, I think, is a distinction without a difference, because they do operate with, on a different paradigm. I mean, they’re, keep in mind that the guy who did Orlando, he killed more people than three bombers and three operatives, highly-trained operatives, in Istanbul. HH: Yeah, the death toll is what people have to look at. And it can get much bigger and more sophisticated with even minor amounts of coordination from abroad. DS: Exactly, so what I thought in, as I was thinking about it, is what if Paris happened in the United States? What if just Paris, small backpack-style bombs and suicide bombs, military assault rifles, multiple targets, city in chaos, what would the result be on American foreign policy? HH: And sleeper cells. And I want to go to this. HH: They exist. Back in my days when I was part of the counterintelligence effort at Justice, we had sleeper cells of secular Palestinian terrorists in the United States, and we knew that, and Soviets. There’s no reason to believe other than sleeper cells of ISIS and Hezbollah are here. DS: No question. No question that Hezbollah is definitely here. Is there a cell structure in the United State for ISIS? I’m going to, for safety’s sake, I think we should assume there is. I don’t know that for a fact. But we should assume that they’re working on it. We should assume that this organization that has an income of, you know, $150 million dollars a year from oil alone, controls all this territory, that they are, that there is a, you know, a cell within it, a unit within it that is working to carry out a massive, massive terrorist attack on the United States or Western Europe, and I mean massive. HH: Of course there is, massive. There’s also a picture in The Black Widow of life inside the caliphate. Whether it’s the specifics of the destruction of Palmyra, the trade in antiquities, the brutality or the encryption, and I gather you just had to read everything, a minute to the break, Daniel, to get this level of detail. DS: I did. It will not surprise you that I did not travel to the caliphate to do my research. But I’ve been doing this a long time, and I’m a pretty skilled practitioner of the trade, and I think that you would not doubt that my character is in the caliphate meeting the people that she’s meeting. HH: No, it’s another reason why The Black Widow is my must-read for the summer, so that you get smart about ISIS. Yes, you have beach reading, but it’s a wonderful thriller. I wish it were just a thriller. I really do. I wish it was just a thriller and a great read, but it’s prophetic, it’s proven to be prophetic, and it’s so real time. Go and get it at Hughhewitt.com or in bookstores. I’ll be right back. One more segment with Daniel Silva. —- – – — – HH: Daniel Silva will be back with me next week when his new book, The Black Widow, drops. And we can remind people about why you need to read this. But I have to close with a big and a little point. The little point, one of my favorite characters in the series is named Uzi. He is a senior spy, and he has weaknesses in which I have – cookies. But I want to make sure, because I told Daniel Silva that, that the Fetching Mrs. Hewitt has nothing in common with Bella, except in her patrolling of my cookie intake. I didn’t, I left that unsaid. But what I really found fascinating, I did not know that Maimonides was the doctor of Saladin, and you pronounce, I just can’t pronounce anything ever. But Saladin was treated by Maimonides? DS: He was. He was. HH: That’s just so amazing to me. So I wonder if you think this book will be more controversial? I think it’s going to be a number one right out of the top because of your following, and it’s how good it is. But will it be more controversial than previous books? DS: I don’t know why it would be. I can tell you that the two or three advance reviews that I’ve gotten for it have been over the top, over the Moon. HH: Off the charts, yeah. DS: Off
the chart great reviews, which is interesting when you’re late in your career, or the middle of your career, and well into a series that the book got this sort of recognition, and I’m very, very proud of that, because I worked extremely hard on it. But I don’t think it’s going to be controversial. It shouldn’t be. And... HH: The controversial part will come when you allege that Iraqi intelligence officers are running ISIS. I know that to be true, but it will shock a lot of people that ISIS is built on the foundations of the old terror network. DS: I don’t think that it should be a shock. I mean, first of all, you can go to the, Google ISIS leadership, and you’ll see, you know, this colonel, this general, this guy, this guy, this guy. But remember that you have to go back and, you know, Joby has probably explained it better than I can, but the genesis, you know, Zarqawi goes into Baghdad and begins setting up the cells before the invasion. We cut loose everyone with the de-Baathification, and the termination of the Iraqi Army. All these guys come flowing into Zarqawi’s organization, which becomes, you know, al Qaeda in Iraq, Islamic State of Iraq, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, and it goes through all these various mutations. But you know, that core of Sunni Baathist and military officers has remained. And we killed a lot of them in the surge. And when we did the Sunni awakening, I mean, that’s what we did. We set up shop out there, and we had every night all night, we were going out raiding, and quite frankly, killing. That’s how we pacified the place. And I think that’s what we need now. HH: And I want to say, and I want to say you give a salute, Orwellian salute, and I mean that as a compliment. He said rough men stand on the walls. And there’s a page on Page 68 where Gabriel Alon’s looking at his kids and telling them I’m not a murderer, I’m not a monster. You exist in this place. You sleep peacefully in this land tonight because of people like me, as we all will be celebrating today. And you know, targets, all, all over the United States, wherever 4th of July barbecues are happening, protected by people, by people who will run into the Orlando nightclub or into the San Bernardino conference room. and it’s because of rough men and women who are willing to use violence, and it is moral that they do so. DS: It is. We have to be smart about it. We have to use our power wisely. And you know, you and I were talking about something during our meeting the other day about the new normal. DS: And I heard that phrase uttered by a correspondent on CNN who had just spoken to a senior administration official that terrorist attacks in the West are the new normal. And you know what? I don’t accept that. And I, you know, if you can, you have to do everything you can to stop them. It seems to me to be a question of morality, that all these people in the past, gosh, it’s such a tight time frame. You know, they’ve done so many attack so quickly, but you know, hundreds of people if you count all the ones within the region have been killed by ISIS in a very short period of time. And then all of those who are wounded and maimed forever, and to suggest that we can’t engage in this fight, that we’re going to just sort of sit back and take regular attacks on our infrastructure and on our people is to me, it’s just, it’s immoral. HH: It is immoral, and I think that The Black Widow will persuade people of that. And I cannot recommend it highly enough. Come back next week when it drops, Daniel. I know you’re going to be on a book tour. People can come out and have it signed. Where does that start, by the way? Does it start on July 12th? DS: It does. It starts, actually, we got permission to break the embargo and so we’re going to do an event on the 11th in New York City. So you can get the book a day early if you’re in the Tri-State area. I’ll be at Barnes and Noble in the city. And then I’ve got, my schedule is on my website, and it’s a big tour, and it’s tight. HH: Go and see it, www.danielsilvabooks.com. We’ll talk to you from the road, Daniel Silva. Congratulations on The Black Widow. End of interview.The JVP yesterday charged that the Lessons Learnt and the Reconciliation Commission and its recommendations were unacceptable. JVPMP Anura Kumara Dissanayake said that the Commission had not been appointed with the sincere intention of probing war crimes, but at the behest of western powers. He also pointed out that the government had been making contradictory statements since its defeat at the United Nations Human Rights Commission sessions in Geneva and asked the government to clarify its stand was on the LLRC report. “The government said that it was going to implement the recommendations of the LLRC report fully and now we have External Affairs Minister Prof. G.L. Peiris telling us in Parliament that the government is not going to implement the LLRC report fully as no country in the world has ever implemented the recommendations of a commission fully,” Dissanayake said. Courtesy: The IslandListen to Me: Spotlight Virginia President Barack Obama kicked off his reelection campaign at a rally in Richmond, Virginia May 5. Photo by Sara D. Davis/Getty Images President Obama heads to Virginia Beach on Friday, the first of several Virginia campaign stops scheduled for this weekend. A key battleground state worth 13 Electoral College votes, Virginia will likely be a top target for both Obama and Mitt Romney right up until Election Day on Nov. 6. So what topics are on the voters’ minds? Over half of the Virginians interviewed for the NewsHour’s Listen to Me project cited the economy or jobs as the most important issue this election season. “I would like to get a job when I graduate, and so the state of the economy is important to me,” said Olivia Brittingham of Virginia Beach. Danville resident Danny Carlton works at a furniture company and said jobs are the most important issue to him. “We need to get China out of the situation and start having more jobs back in here. Martinsville is about a ghost town for the furniture companies, because everything is overseas now in China.” Nationally, Virginia is fairing well in terms of unemployment levels. As you can see in our Vote 2012 Map Center, the state’s unemployment rate is at 5.5 percent, almost 3 points lower than the national average, which has been stagnant at 8.2 percent. Although the Virginia voters we talked to were divided on whether the political system is broken, almost everyone said they were hopeful about the future. “Typically the American system has a way of correcting itself,” said Blacksburg resident Doug Goldsmith. “So we’ll fluctuate one direction, back the other direction, and I’ve seen that several times during my life.” Orange County voter Nancy Arnold agreed. “I’m hopeful, I think it’s not going to be easy. I don’t think it would be for any president coming in,” she said. “We have a lot of issues that we have to address, but I hope that Congress can get together.” See all of the Listen to Me videos.In just two hours, my vacation officially begins, or does it? According to this quote, a writer never has a vacation, and to be honest, I can hardly call my time away from the office a relaxing getaway. For starters, I’m having one of those staycations where you don’t leave your house. I won’t be leaving home much, except to meet with a client to discuss an editing project. Other than that, I will hardly leave my room. During my vacation I’ll be editing, blogging, writing, thinking about writing, finishing some very-overdue library books, putting together furniture for my room, and probably watching “Frozen” and “The Hobbit” at least a dozen times. Sometimes you don’t have to go far to get away. For me, I’m going to be right where I want to be, doing exactly what I’d like to do every day of the year. If that isn’t the definition of a vacation, I don’t know what is.“Mom, if #2 pencils are really that great, why are they #2?” -Drew At breakfast this morning, Drew said he wanted to see the State Capital. So against Chris’ better judgement, here we are! What a good daddy.... Whose idea was it to buy that kid a chess set anyway??? It was a Lego Chess set that he built too. I never stood a chance! We surprised our Master Builder this morning with a trip to LEGOLAND California! Everything IS awesome! Just convinced Drew to do 80 burpees and then run up two flights of stairs to tell his dad all about it. Parent Level: EXPERT Lions Game + Feline Cranial Massage + Some Laps Around the Pool = Brinker Family Thanksgiving Drew’s first grade family project. He had to show how his family originally came to America. I love how he added Marius Brouwer in Canada. 🚢AILA speaks out against TUSD The American Indian Library Association (AILA) wishes to publicly express its strong disapproval of the elimination of the Tucson Unified School District (TUSD) Mexican American Studies classes and removal of books associated with the program due to the State of Arizona Revised Statutes Sections 15-111 and 15-112. We write this statement in support of all students, educators, and families who have been negatively affected by this action. All students have the right to develop critical thinking skills through a challenging curriculum. All students, regardless of their background, have the right to learn about the history of their own people, as well as the history of the land and peoples where they are currently living. In Tucson, this should include the history and literature of Mexican American people as well as the Tohono O’odham and Pascua Yaqui peoples. The targeting of one ethnic group is an attack on all ethnic groups, and the elimination of a curriculum and books that encourage students to consider the perspectives of those who are often silenced should be a concern to all humanity. full statement: http://www.ailanet.org/other/AILA_AZ_Statement.pdfTodd Kloots of Yahoo! will teach you how to build accessible, dynamic user interfaces for the Web. In this hands-on class (8:30 on Tuesday, February 28), you will learn how to use the Accessible Rich Internet Applications (WAI-ARIA) specification to help build sites and applications that are accessible to users of screen readers. This class will be divided into three parts. Part 1: Screen Readers As far as user benefits, ARIA is targeted at users of screen readers. So before you understand ARIA, you need to first understand the problem space. This section of the class will explain what screen readers are, how they work, and show you how to use them during development and in testing. This section will include hands-on exercises for using screen readers on desktop and mobile platforms. Part 2: Keyboard Access Essentials Users of screen readers rely on the keyboard as both the primary means of navigation and user input. But providing good keyboard access benefits more than just those who use a screen reader. This section will provide an overview of the essential APIs for providing keyboard access in the browser. Part 3: Using ARIA The last section of the class will focus exclusively on using the ARIA Spec to build accessible custom widgets. It will cover how to think about and use the ARIA widget roles, states and properties, and how ARIA can be used to improve the accessibility of mobile user interfaces. What to Bring - Your laptop - Your iPhone or iPad - Your headphones Todd is a Senior Accessibility Engineer at Yahoo!, and he has over ten years of experience in Web development. To get a sense of the work he and his colleagues do, take a look at the accessibility-related posts on the Yahoo! User Interface Blog (YUIBlog). Sign up for Todd’s workshop to learn about all things ARIA. This session, along with others, will be held as part of Knowbility’s AccessU at CSUN 2012. Then, if you have further questions about building dynamic and accessible Web sites, contact Knowbility, and we’ll be glad to help.Use an objects own property, or an environment variable. Optionally treat as a boolean if the env should be set to 1 or 0. ownOrEnv(object, field, env, boolean) object[field] if it's an own property, otherwise use the named environent variable. If boolean is set to true, then cast to a boolean flag. // will set doTheThing to true based on config.doThing, falling back// to reading process.env.DO_THING, where '0' is treated as false.var doTheThing =// just treat this one as a string, not a boolean flagvar file =Wishlist Wednesday is a book blog hop where you post about one book per week that has been on your wishlist for some time, or just added (it's entirely up to you), that you can't wait to get off the wishlist and onto your wonderful shelves. Wishlist Wednesday is hosted by Dani of Pen to Paper. In the beginning, there's a boy standing in the trees . . . . Clara Gardner has recently learned that she's part angel. Having angel blood run through her veins not only makes her smarter, stronger, and faster than humans (a word, she realizes, that no longer applies to her), but it means she has a purpose, something she was put on this earth to do. Figuring out what that is, though, isn't easy. Her visions of a raging forest fire and an alluring stranger lead her to a new school in a new town. When she meets Christian, who turns out to be the boy of her dreams (literally), everything seems to fall into place and out of place at the same time. Because there's another guy, Tucker, who appeals to Clara's less angelic side. As Clara tries to find her way in a world she no longer understands, she encounters unseen dangers and choices she never thought she'd have to make between honesty and deceit, love and duty, good and evil. When the fire from her vision finally ignites, will Clara be ready to face her destiny? Unearthly is a moving tale of love and fate, and the struggle between following the rules and following your heart. Why I'm wishing for this book: I just recently found out this book takes place in Wyoming which is where I'm from so I really, really want to read this book and it's about angels! I wanted to read it really bad before but now it's like I NEED to read it ASAP. What are you guys hoping to add to your shelves?Here is the card that I made for Paige and some info on how you can help pay for her medical bills with this fab digital image. Paige was seriously injured in a boating accident that very sadly has left her with the loss of part of her arm. If you want to read the article about Paige, please visit Erin blog. The image I have used is called "A Teddy for Paige". This digital image was created by Whimsy Stamps in honour of Paige and all the proceeds from the sales of this digital image go to Paige's foundation to help pay her medical bills. What a wonderful way to help Paige and her family You can purchase this digital image by clicking on this link - and it only costs $3. That is so cheap! Whimsy Stamps would love to sell as many of these images as possible to help Paige and her family. What a great cause and a really cute stamp. I hope you will all find room in your hearts and purses to buy this digital image and help Paige's family pay for her medical bills. I've used the layout from the Papertake Challenge for my card. I hope some of the people that visit my blog as a result of this challenge will want to help this little girl too. Thanks for looking, 5 hours agoThese buttonholes are best on a band at least 1 1/2" wide, as they create very large openings. They will also require large buttons. Always make a test buttonhole and try it with the button you wish to use. If the buttonhole is too large, test again with fewer stitches in the buttonhole section; the technique will be the same, no matter how many stitches are used. Knit to the row where the buttonholes will be made, drop and relatch ribbing. For each buttonhole, cut a section of contrast yarn. Bedspread weight crochet thread works well for this, since it pulls out easily after the buttonhole is completed. Manually knit 4 stitches with the contrast yarn. Repeat for each buttonhole. Knit the rest of the band, drop and relatch the ribbing. Do Not convert any of the marked stitches; they need to remain in stockinet. Thread a tapestry needle with a 12" length of main color yarn. Insert the needle from back to front through the center of the first stitch left of the marked buttonhole stitches. Make a backstitch, inserting the needle into the center of the first main color stitch below the marked stitches, then come back out through the first stitch just to the left. Backstitch across the bottom of the buttonhole. Insert the needle into the 2nd stitch and come out the first, then go in the 3rd and out the 2nd, in the 4th and out the 3rd. Now go into the center of the stitch just to the right of the marked stitches, and come out under the 4th. Turn the work around and backstitch across. Notice that this time you pass the needle under both legs of the upside down V. If you don't do this step correctly, the top half of the buttonhole will not be bound off. Backstitch across, then pass the needle from front to back through the center of the stitch where you began in step 2. Tie the beginning and ending yarn tails together securely (a surgeon's knot works best, but a square knot will do). Work in the yarn ends on the wrong side of the band. Repeat steps 2-5 for each buttonhole.Saints aver during Simhastha Bhopal, May 11, 2016 (Abdul Ahad Farhan): Mass movement can be an effective medium to curb female foeticide. Even though the issue is discussed frequently in society, but every section of society needs to be involved in the process. Then the issue was taken up with saints and seers during Simhastha at Ujjain, they said that efforts in this direction will succeed only when mindset of people towards women and girls is changed. When every person will respect girls with the core of heart then only female foeticide could be completed curbed. Saints said that Madhya Pradesh government’s stress and efforts for women’s empowerment, curbing female foeticide, Beti Padhao-Beti Bachao and other social concerns pertaining to women are laudable. Sadhvi Karuna Giriji of Haridwar Karunadham said that field-level efforts are necessary to curb female foeticide. For this, people need to be counselled in rural and urban areas. She laid emphasis on continuous programmes in this direction at Gram Panchayat level. She called for involving religious Gurus in the movement. Sadhvi Karuna Giriji said that child marriages have been curbed to a great extent due to continuous efforts for it with involvement of all sections of society throughout the country. Sadhvi also said that for ending discrimination between sons and daughters, it is necessary that people are motivated to educate girls and consider daughters-in-law as daughters. Bal Yogini Karuna Giriji lauded arrangements for Simhastha. She said that it is her third Simhastha. She never saw such arrangements before.Betty Lou's, Inc. - Manufacturing & Production I chose "Just Great Stuff... and Plenty of it!" as our motto because it truly reflects the dedication that we have to the quality of our products. I always use the best, healthiest, cutting edge ingredients because I believe that they taste better and make you feel better. Today we still make Nut Butter Balls as well as our very popular layered Fruit Bars, Powdered Peanut Butter (with 85% less fat than regular peanut butter!), Low Glycemic Protein Shakes, Cookies and a line of Organic Just Great Stuff Bars that contain interesting, whole food ingredients... like organic cacao nibs, freeze-dried acai and raspberries, goji berries, mangoes, bananas and even freeze-dried spinach, kale and broccoli sprouts. Every day at Betty Lou's we challenge the notion that healthy, all-natural, gluten-free products have to compromise on taste. We've proven that the opposite can be true! Our delicious products have been made that way from the beginning and it's what we do best! Betty LouWhen my older children were very young, I sought to shield from them every offensive and potentially mind-harming television program, song, or video. This meant nothing that contained any sex, nudity, drugs, or violence, or anything crude or distasteful. I understand that many parents take this further, to eradicate as much pop culture as they can — from Disney Princesses and brand characters, to nearly all commercialized TV and music. Within every family comes the individual choice of what we will allow to permeate our sanctuaries and possibly influence our children. Some parents choose to heavily censor society, while others have very few limitations as to what they let their children watch or listen to. It is a deeply personal decision and one that is based on our own ideas of morality and logic. Certainly, religious and psychological determinations play a role. How far we go to filter society is something we must each work out for ourselves. It seems prudent to me even now to block certain content from my very young and impressionable children. At one point, however, I realized that blocking content with blanket parameters could actually cause my children more harm than good. The revelation came when my young sons and I were watching a movie that I had not considered inappropriate, though I hadn’t seen it in years. I knew the movie had very little in the way of sexual content, and the violence was minimal. I almost regretted it halfway in when a scene of a fully nude woman appeared on the screen. The woman was bathing and had captured the attention of my young sons. I immediately went to shield their eyes, when something stopped me. The woman was simply bathing. There was nothing inappropriate in her actions, and I felt that hiding her nudity would give them the wrong impression of bodies in general, especially of women. I find it rather odd that in our culture, simple nakedness is considered shameful and ratings on a film will be much more stringent than on scenes where two individuals are obviously participating in sexual acts but no genitals are shown. I now choose to look at context rather than only content, and I will preview any movie over a G rating before allowing my children to see it. I wish that censorship were necessary only for film and music, but the unfortunate truth is that the reality of our society tends to be much more frightening to expose my children to than the nonfictional entertainment it creates. Because my children are in school and away from home frequently, turning off the news doesn’t prevent them from being exposed to it. That only keeps me in the dark. With the latest Miley Cyrus scandal, and the many outlandish celebrity stunts that have preceded it, I often feel the strong desire to turn off all media and wrap my children in a tightly secured bubble. I don’t simply mean her sexual exploits or her naked “Wrecking Ball” video, either. But her choice to sing in a celebratory manner about drugs and other destructive choices makes me worry for her. Of course, she’s not the only one; there are so many singers and actors, even athletes, glorifying a lifestyle that scares me to pieces when I consider my own kids thinking it would be an acceptable way to live a life. With my two younger children, we still do a lot of censoring in the case of adult-themed content. They are simply too young to have meaningful discussions about adult topics, but I also know that very soon, way too soon, these topics will be on the table and at that point, I will use society’s models for my teaching aids. And likely, Miss Cyrus will be an effective role model when I can use her to show my kids what drugs and too much alcohol can do to a person. I hope for her sake, she won’t be. Older children can be especially difficult to shield, particularly when they are in school or begin visiting friends outside of our control. With teenagers, we have much more limited ability to determine what they hear and see. Teenagers and young adolescents can and do find a point when they are bombarded with culture and I try to find ways to prepare mine for it. If I don’t tell them how I feel about these things that are going on in their generation, they will likely be impressed by other opinions. With my sons, it is especially important to point out rape culture references and veiled sexism, as well as talking to them about “Molly” and the latest potentially devastating pop culture craze. When we encounter media that is offensive, distasteful, or even possibly harmful, we don’t switch it off, but we will take time to explain to our kids why we consider it to be wrong. I’ll ask their opinions on what they saw or heard. I’ll ask them if they’ve heard or seen such shows or songs or viral internet videos at school (you’d be surprised!) or at their friends’ homes. I’ll ask them what their friends and classmates say about it, and we’ll discuss it openly. To help deter kids from using drugs, we need to talk to them about drugs and teach them why they shouldn’t use them. If we want them to refrain from smoking, they need to hear it. If we want them to go to college, that needs to be discussed heavily. And if we don’t want our kids to turn out like Miley Cyrus or Robin Thicke or any of the other bad role models our pop culture is offering up, we need to tell them so and explain why. This means we can’t hide it from
them forever, as much as we wish we could. Destany Fenton, Author of They Are All of Me Destany is an artist who works from home while raising her four kids, who range in age from teens to littles. A self proclaimed cheapskate and “maker-queen,” her do-it-yourself attitude compels her to promote self-education, frugality, and taking responsibility for our global community. She is attentive to her children and works to foster and maintain a deep connection with each one, while finding harmony within herself and remembering to take time for her husband. When she is not painting, cooking, gardening, knitting or playing with her kids – even the big ones, she is blogging about her life at They Are All of Me, where she shares crafts, recipes, and crazy mama mishaps that are bound to crop up when living with pets, teenagers and little ones.Food, glorious food... done my way. Pretence of perfection Friday, September 02, 2005 Dinner plans cancelled... Plan B then! Wll I was going to Carbonnara for a few mates tonight, they cancelled a few moments ago. Luckily I just bought some ciabatta. Therefore I can make Cambezola pizza, with Cherry Tomatoes, Garlic, Kalamata Olives and a few Spring onions... i love pizza!Submitted to electors by referendum. Amends Sections 1, 2, and 9 of act approved March 31, 1897 as subsequently amended, providing for organization of irrigation districts. Permits organization of an irrigation district by majority vote of electors instead of by two-thirds vote thereof, as now provided. Rearranges existing provisions relating to petition for formation of an irrigation district and duties of State Engineer and board of supervisors in connection therewith. Popular Vote Results Y: 314522; A: 52.8; N: 280948; B: 47.2 Code Sections Affected Amended section 1, 2, and 9 of "An act to provide for the organization and government of irrigation districts, and to provide for the acquisition or construction thereby of works for the irrigation of the lands embraced within such districts and also to provide for the distribution of water for irrigation purposes," approved March 31, 1897, and as amended. L. L. Dennett, State Senator Twelfth District J. B. Olcese IRRIGATION DISTRICT ACT California Proposition 15 (1920).Brendon Santalab has thrown his first A-League grand final jibe, suggesting former Western Sydney teammate Iacopo La Rocca has been forced to shift to a defensive role at Adelaide United. La Rocca was a Wanderers crowd favourite for three years before being let go as part of coach Tony Popovic's mass off-season overhaul. Since linking with the Reds, the Italian holding midfielder has played in central defence. It means striker Santalab will come face to face with his equally combustible ex-teammate on Sunday at Adelaide Oval. And Santalab lit the fire early by claiming he was surprised to see coach Guillermo Amor deploying La Rocca in defence. "Because he didn't enjoy playing that here," Santalab said. "To see him playing there now for Adelaide is a bit of a shock to me because I know he doesn't enjoy playing there. "So I need to take advantage of that and find out his weaknesses." Santalab still rates La Rocca highly, and predicts a heated clash between the pair as both clubs play for a maiden title. "He's an aggressive player and we worked very well together for a couple of years here," he said. "It will be a great battle. "He's a fantastic defender and I'm looking forward to the challenge." The Wanderers fly to Adelaide on Friday, giving them two days in the city before the season finale.By HEIDI HALL, CHRISTIANITY TODAY— Megachurch pastor Charles Stanley has turned down an award from a pro-Israel Jewish group, citing controversy over his views about homosexuality. The Atlanta-based chapter of the Jewish National Fund (JNF) had planned to honor Stanley this week with its prestigious Tree of Life Award for his long support of the state of Israel. But a number of local rabbis and other Jewish leaders had protested the decision. At issue are Stanley’s past statements that homosexual sex is immoral and a comment he made to a newspaper in 1986 that AIDS was a sign of God’s judgment. Those views are “incompatible with Jewish ethics and values,” said the Southern Jewish Resource Network for Gender and Sexual Diversity, in a letter protesting the decision to honor Stanley. In general, Stanley has not been known for his involvement in politics or culture war debates. He did, however, sign on to a recent brief asking the US Supreme Court to uphold state bans on same-sex marriage. And at Atlanta’s First Baptist Church, in his In Touch media outlets, and elsewhere, he teaches traditional Christian sexual ethics. “Some proclaim they are living a gay lifestyle, but nothing is happy or gay about the destructive behavior of homosexuality,” he wrote in his 2007 book, Landmines in the Path of a Believer. “Anything that opposes the principles written in God’s Word leads to one ending—the end Solomon mentioned, a place of extreme emptiness where wind and sorrow breach the soul. Ultimately it ends in a place of extreme emotional sorrow and separation from God.” Stanley isn’t the first Atlanta minister to experience controversy over past remarks about homosexuality. In 2013, Louie Giglio of Passion City Church turned down an invitation to give a prayer at President Obama’s inauguration after an old sermon of his surfaced online. The Stanley controversy broke at a time when Georgia’s ban on same-sex marriage faces a legal challenge. Meanwhile, state legislators tabled a religious freedom law amid debate over whether it (and a similar law in Indiana) would allow businesses to discriminate on the basis of sexual orientation. Several Atlanta-area rabbis had announced they would skip the JNF event. Rabbi Fred Green of Temple Beth Tikvah in Roswell, Georgia, called on the JNF to rescind the award. Leaders at the JNF had defended their decision to give the award to Stanley. “Our honoree represents one of the largest Christian communities in the South which has always supported the Jewish people in times of peace and conflict,” national spokesman Adam Brill told the Atlanta Journal-Constitution. On Tuesday, the JNF’s Atlanta chapter released a statement saying Stanley would not attend the award ceremony: Dr. Charles Stanley, senior pastor of First Baptist Church Atlanta, has informed Jewish National Fund that because of his deep love for Israel, and his reluctance to be a point of controversy and conflict within the Jewish community, he has declined to be recognized at the Jack Hirsch Memorial Breakfast in Atlanta. The controversy over Stanley may reveal cracks in the complicated relationship between Jews and evangelicals. Jews and evangelicals disagree sharply about homosexuality. More than 8 in 10 (82%) of Jews say homosexuality should be accepted by society, according to the Pew Research Center. (One significant exception is Orthodox Jews—whom Pew says have “a level of disapproval [toward homosexuality] similar to that expressed by white evangelical Protestants.”) Read more...Visitors flocked to Fleetwood tor the port’s annual Lifeboat Day The town’s Shannon class lifeboat took to the waves alongside the Kenneth James Pierpoint and the D-class inshore lifeboat, Mary Elizabeth Barnes. The yachts from Fleetwood Marina sailed past, with a prize being awarded to the ‘best dressed’ boat. The lifeboats then give speed and agility demonstrations. Stalls selling homemade cakes and crafts, face painting, and a tombola and raffle were open to the public at the station, on Fleetwood Esplanade. There was a special appearance from lifeboats from the neighbouring stations.Police Administration and Progressive Reform Theodore Roosevelt as Police Commissioner of New York. Contributions in Criminology & Penology No. 19 Jay Stuart Berman has written a clear, useful, and persuasive book. Regardless of Theodore Roosevelt's precise role in police reform, this study sheds considerable light on a crucial period in the development of American law enforcement, and Berman's analysis of the important relationship between a Progressive reform and the birth of the modern police makes a valuable contribution to our understanding of the history of the police in America. Criminal Justice Review While recent research in criminal justice has made major contributions to the rapid advancements and changes that have occurred in the field, little effort has been devoted to developing a historical perspective on the processes and institutions of the criminal justice system. Seeking to expand our understanding of significant historical antecedents, Professor Berman focusses on the law enforcement reforms of Theodore Roosevelt, who was a pivotal figure in the evolution of the American police department. In the first full-length study of the subject, the author considers Roosevelt's term as police commissioner (1895-1897) in the context of Progressive Era urban reform, and he analyzes the professional model Roosevelt developed, its strengths and weaknesses, and its implications for contemporary criminal justice. New & Used Out of Stock What Reviewers Are Saying ?. . . a successful research effort. The analysis is concise, well written and well organized and does provide an informative overview of Theodore Roosevelt's term as police commissioner. Historians, criminal justicians and audiences interested in understanding the complexities of governmental and police reform should find this work of interest.?-American Journal of PoliceER fought to save 16 in bridal limo crash Emergency room workers at the Boone County Hospital were honored Monday for their work to save 16 people involved the crash of a bridal limo in June. Mother of the bride, Sherry Katch, had just left the church on her way to the wedding reception when she got the call that the limo carrying the wedding party had crashed. Instead of rushing to the reception hall, Katch found herself rushing to the scene of the crash just minutes after her daughter Danielle was married. "I felt like you look around and you were in a movie," said Katch. Helicopters, ambulances, police, state troopers were everywhere on the scene when Katch arrived. The limo and an SUV had collided. Delbert Peter, 80, and his wife, Dorothy, 77, were in the SUV with their grandson. Delbert and Dorothy were killed in the crash. "You see your daughter in her wedding dress and she's covered in blood," said Katch. Some 16 people were inside the limo, including all four of Katch's children. They were all taken to the emergency room of the Boone County Hospital for treatment. "That was a day I'll never forget," said Dr. Rick Unger, a Boone County Hospital surgeon. Unger was one of the 30 people who responded to the emergency. One of the people that Katch nominated to receive the Healthcare Hero award through the hospital's foundation. It took everyone on staff working together to make sure the wedding party got the care they needed the day of the crash. "We definitely were overwhelmed. There were a lot of peopled dumped on us in a short period of time and some of them, like I said, were pretty severely injured," said Unger. "They were just so caring and comforting, even engineering and maintenance -- getting water and coffee," said Katch. Katch felt strongly that everyone's hard work and dedication should not go unnoticed. "They were just amazing. So many people and I think we outnumbered them, but you wouldn't ever know it," said Katch. Katch said her daughter and son-in-law William, along with others in the wedding party, are still recovering from injuries, but are thankful they're OK. Thanks to several donations from Boone businesses, the couple got to celebrate their wedding reception last weekend.In contrast to management, supplementation with 500 ng/ml Wnt5a significantly decreased the gap of the wound in the wound healing assay and improved the vertical migration of mMSCs toward the higher concentration of FBS in the reduce chambers in the Transwell inserts assay. Nonetheless, the Wnt5a influence was drastically blocked by GF109203X and partly inhibited by SP600125 (Figs. 7A, 7B). We subsequently examined mMSCs migration to conditioned media from regular or ARDS mice-derived lung tissue in the reduce chambers of the Transwell inserts and the influence of noncanonical Wnt pathway activation on this process. We identified that ARDS lung tissue captivated a lot more mMSCs than normal lung tissue and the migration of mMSCs towards the conditioned medium of ARDS mice-derived lung tissue was further enhanced with Wnt5a, whose effect was reversed with the incubation of SP600125 or GF109203X (Fig. 7C).The influence of activation of the noncanonical Wnt pathway on mMSC proliferation was evaluated using MTT assays after incubation for 3 times with rising concentrations of Wnt5a (100, 200, or 500 ng/ml), and no buy Bay 59-3074 important variations were noticed right after 10000 ng/ml Wnt5a intervention. Apparently, the supplementation of GF109203X furthermore Wnt5a reduced the number of mMSCs. (Figs. 5A, 5B)To discover the ranges of noncanonical Wnt ligands in normal or inflammatory lung tissue, Wnt5a in lung tissue was analyzed via western blotting. We located a drastically greater expression of Wnt5a in ARDS mouse-derived lung tissues than in typical kinds. (Fig. 8)In the existing research, oxidative pressure in mMSCs was induced with H2O2. Increasing H2O2 concentrations (.05, .1, .2, .3, .four, .5 and .6 mmol/L) lowered the viability of mMSCs in a concentration-dependent way right after twelve several hours of incubation, as evaluated using the MTT assay (Fig. 6A). The minimum focus of H2O2 that substantially inhibited viability, .two mmol/L, was selected for subsequent experiments. We then evaluated the expression of the apoptosis-relevant proteins Bax and Bcl-two in mMSCs incubated with .two mmol/L H2O2. We discovered that the Bcl-two/Bax ratio in mMSCs uncovered to .2 mmol/L H2O2 assessed by western blotting investigation was considerably decreased in contrast to manage (Fig. 6D). In addition, noncanonical Wnt pathway-related proteins, including p-JNK, p-PKC and p-CaMK II, were all up-controlled in mMSCs following H2O2 treatment (Fig. 6B).AT II cells are regarded as crucial for the restore of injured lung tissue in ARDS clients [2,seventeen]. Several investigations, which includes our prior examine, have disclosed that multipotent MSCs could differentiate into AT II cells in ARDS animals and in some in vitro situations [60,eighteen]. These conclusions partly lead to the efficacy of MSCs in ARDS therapy. Elucidation of the mechanisms underlying the differentiation of mMSCs into AT II cells, which has not nevertheless been MCE Company Nanchangmycin totally explored, may possibly promote the improvement of ARDS therapy.GAINESVILLE, Fla. (AP) - Tim Tebow kept Florida's perfect season Tebow directed a 69-yard drive in the final minutes, setting up Caleb Sturgis' 27-yard field goal with 9 seconds remaining that gave the top-ranked Gators a 23-20 win against Arkansas on Was it Tebow's Heisman moment? Regardless, it kept Florida unbeaten and likely No. 1 in the country. And maybe even the Gators' chances to repeat as national On a day when little went right for the Gators, Tebow took over down the stretch. He threw for 255 yards and a touchdown, ran for 69 more and saved his best plays for when Florida needed him most. He threw for 30 yards and ran for 22 on the final drive. Three plays stood out: His 12-yard pass to Riley Cooper on third down and consecutive runs that gained 16 yards and got Sturgis well within his comfort zone.The dust has settled and we’ve finally slunk home to recover. After an insane weekend, we bit a bittersweet farewell to Bitsummit 3: Return of the Indies. There was so much that happened, it’s impossible to try and narrow it all down in a single blog post. If you were able to check out our Twitter, our Vines or even our intermittent Periscope broadcasts, you know there was a bit of everything going on. One thing that we really took away from the entire event is the new face of gaming and how it’s evolving as we head towards the future. For years, indie developers and AAA studios seemed to take on personas of “us versus them.” That you stood on one team, regardless of profession or interest in the gaming world, and you needed to staunchly oppose the other side of the coin. Even in Japan, the indie scene seemed more of a “me versus them,” with doujin creators sequestering themselves away from others in the craft. The success you felt could only exist in singularity, and the shyness and suspicion of others kept all drafting and prototyping deep underground. BitSummit clearly showed an amazing swing towards something new and exciting in the world of the Japanese indie scene. Everyone broke bread and came together, excitedly showing and asking about every project they could get to. Big names like Microsoft were there, but their game space didn’t show off Gears of War; instead, Goat Simulator brought in the players. The Unity space had Wii Us and PS Vitas set to play Never Alone and Octodad. People genuinely wanted feedback from the games they were making, and it was a loud, fun and safe environment to be honest without being cruel. Bitsummit may never achieve the notoriety of PAX or the Tokyo Game Show, but that may be what keeps it alive for the years to come. The small atmosphere and sociable presence that ran throughout, that’s what makes it Japan and, more specifically, Kyoto. As the indie scene grows and becomes more global, there will always be some who want to play in their own backyard, and will be happy to invite friends over. I had a blast this year with BitSummit, and thanks to everyone who was able to attend. If you couldn’t come down this year, I really hope we see you next time: don’t worry, your spot is waiting.As a craft roaster of specialty coffee, it is our priority to ensure a fresh and consistent product of the highest quality. Caffe Fantastico is discerning about which farms our beans come from. We travel the world around, developing lasting relationships with our farmers and their families. We are committed to paying the fairest price for the best beans available in order to maintain our dedication to integrity. The relationships we build with our wholesale clients are no different. We strive to match ourselves with like-minded, quality-focused businesses that understand that the caliber of their coffee is essential to providing a consistent standard of excellence. Caffe Fantastico offers a unique variety of high quality specialty coffee, equipment, and services to our wholesale clients. We are able to provide your staff with training, and strategies for quality control in order to ensure that the coffee you serve meets the high standard. Our team of roasters and brewers will provide you with ongoing support so that you can take an active approach in educating your clientele on the origin of the bean, the flavor profiles it offers, and how to best prepare that perfect cup of coffee to round out their experience. We work with well-loved local cafés, restaurants and specialty grocery shops that share our love for a finely roasted bean. Our wholesale clients understand that the quality of the cup of coffee they serve is reflective of the overall quality of their business. We provide them with superior coffee and products to match their desire to produce the finest locally crafted food and beverages available, focusing on quality, craft and innovation. Whether you are offering filtered coffee brewed to golden cup standard or full espresso service, a Caffe Fantasico Coffee Program embraces your holistic approach to ensuring outstanding quality in every aspect of your business.Conductive Education in South Australia 1992 – Sister Johanna Cash set up the Adelaide centre for Motor Disorder. 1994 – The program was shifted to Kidman Park Primary School where a conductor was working. The National Association for Conductive Education (NACE) helped to raise funds for this position 2003 – Two Conductor positions were created by the Departmemnt of Education and Children’s Services. 2010 – The Natonal Association for Conductive Education (NACE) becomes Conductive Education SA (CESA) 2013 – A third conductor will comence, employed by Department of Education & Child Development Where does C.E. come from? The founder of Conductive Education was Dr. Andras Peto (1893-1967), a Hungarian physician. He studied medicine in Vienna then moved back to Hungary in 1968 and started to work with children with motor disorders. He challenged the perception held by medical professionals of his day with the idea that motor disorders were not medical conditions that needed treatment. He opened up the way of thinking that considered important the placing of people in society rather than segregating them. Peto was the first to regard handicap as an educational problem. What are the Principals of Conductive Education? - The Group - Motivation and Rhythmic Intention - Task Series in a Daily Routine Peto called his colleagues CONDUCTORS. They receive four years of training in areas of education, psychology, anatomy, neuro-anatomy and speech therapy. Much of the training is practical work in groups led by experienced conductors. They are generalists whose role is to act as a channel or”conductor” by which all the unsynchronised activities of the child may be brought together into smooth harmony. The Peto Institute in Budapest, Hungary, is the main training centre for conductors worldwide. 2) The Group The Group is the organisational framework for C.E. It gathers the children into a small homogenous community to provide a structured setting where the children are challenged and strive together to develop their motor skills. In a group, a variety of motivational activities are used including songs and games. These encourage and motivate each child to participate while also developing social and interpersonal skills. A positive approach is adopted as much as possible. Positive comments reward the child when his/her behaviour is directed towards the current goal. Successes by an individual are recognised by name and he/she is pointed out as an example to others. 3) Rhythmic Intention Rhythmic Intention is the use of language and rhythm to guide all activities. Sounding out the action or using internal speech. The personal pronoun “I” is used to help the child accept responsibility for the action. Verbalisisng helps to identify the movement and the target of the movement. The counting gives time to sove the problem. 4) Task Series and the Daily Routine The task series is the step-by-step motor based program that forms the strucure for the group setting. It is designed following the conductive observation by the conductor. These tasks are not excersises but problem solving from a variety of positions: lying, sitting, standing. Each task is holistically designed to include body movements, spacial orientation, body awareness and age appropriate verbal concepts. Daily Routine – the conductor designs and uses a set routine that includes all aspects of daily living. The everyday routine helps the child feel secure in time and place. Facilitation is the assistance necessary to allow the child to attain a goal. C.E. uses a variety of facilitations such as: rhythmic intention, conductor’s hand, furniture (a grasp bar to stabilise with), arm or leg wraps and motivation.Mostly it’s contemporary romance. However, I’ve always had an interest in forensics, crime scenes, and mysteries so writing romantic suspense is a natural for me. Three of my works in process are suspense/intrigue stories. But one of them is an historical romance. A few of them haven’t figured out what they want to be yet. My characters are all adults. I like people with wicked senses of humor, so it stands to reason that my characters share that trait. Plus I think falling in love makes everyone a little goofy at first. Be prepared to laugh. Basically my stories are about people who have
been leading normal lives, and enjoying those lives, until BANG. Suddenly their worlds are turned upside down – not just by danger and adventure but by finding love when they least expect it. They all deal with it differently. I spend a lot of time with my characters, so they’re all people I like. They aren’t perfect; but they’re good people trying to do what they think is the right thing. Mostly they’re alpha women and the alpha men who love them. I write about places I want to visit and adults I like in situations I hope I never find myself in. I write what I like to read. I hope you like reading what I want to write.On the Theory of the Competitive Firm under Price Uncertainty: Note No abstract is available for this item. If you experience problems downloading a file, check if you have the proper application to view it first. In case of further problems read the IDEAS help page. Note that these files are not on the IDEAS site. Please be patient as the files may be large. As the access to this document is restricted, you may want to look for a different version under "Related research" (further below) or search for a different version of it. Volume (Year): 67 (1977) Issue (Month): 4 (September) |Contact details of provider:|| Web page: https://www.aeaweb.org/aer/| More information through EDIRC |Order Information:||Web: https://www.aeaweb.org/subscribe.html| - Meilke, Karl D. & Weersink, Alfons, 1991. "An Analysis of the Effects of Government Payments to Grain and Oilseeds Producers on Cropping Decisions," 244081, Agriculture and Agri-Food Canada. - Meilke, K.D. & Weersink, A., 1991. "An Analysis of the Effects of Government Payments to Grain and Oilseeds Producers on Cropping Decisions," Papers 9-91, Gouvernement du Canada - Agriculture Canada. - Featherstone, Allen M. & Osunsan, Adeyinka W. & Biere, Arlo, 1992. "A Risk Analysis of Alternative Crop and Irrigation Strategies Using Biophysical Simulations," Occasional Paper Series No. 6 197739, International Association of Agricultural Economists. - Adesina, Akinwumi A. & Brorsen, B. Wade, 1987. "A risk responsive acreage response function for millet in Niger," Agricultural Economics, Blackwell, vol. 1(3), pages 229-239, October. - Adesina, Akinwumi A. & Brorsen, B. Wade, 1987. "A Risk Responsive Acreage Response Function for Millet in Niger," Agricultural Economics of Agricultural Economists, International Association of Agricultural Economists, vol. 1(3), October. - Hurley, Terrance M., 2010. "A review of agricultural production risk in the developing world," Working Papers 188476, HarvestChoice. - R.W. Fraser, 1984. "Unreliable Markets and Perishable Products," Economics Discussion / Working Papers 84-11, The University of Western Australia, Department of Economics. - Alghalith, Moawia, 2016. "A note on the theory of the firm under multiple uncertainties," European Journal of Operational Research, Elsevier, vol. 251(1), pages 341-343. - Chambers, Robert G. & Quiggin, John C., 1992. "Production Under Uncertainty," 1992 Conference (36th), February 10-13, 1992, Canberra, Australia 146428, Australian Agricultural and Resource Economics Society. - Chambers, Robert G. & Quiggin, John, 1992. "Production Under Uncertainty," Working Papers 197781, University of Maryland, Department of Agricultural and Resource Economics. - Röthig, Andreas, 2008. "The impact of backwardation on hedgers' demand for currency futures contracts: theory versus empirical evidence," Darmstadt Discussion Papers in Economics 190, Darmstadt University of Technology, Department of Law and Economics. - Paulson, Nicholas D. & Babcock, Bruce A., 2010. "Readdressing the Fertilizer Problem," Journal of Agricultural and Resource Economics, Western Agricultural Economics Association, vol. 35(3), December. - Paulson, Nicholas D. & Babcock, Bruce A., 2010. "Readdressing the Fertilizer Problem," ISU General Staff Papers 201001010800001536, Iowa State University, Department of Economics. - Paulson, N.D. & Babcock, Bruce A., 2010. "Readdressing the Fertilizer Problem," Staff General Research Papers Archive 32437, Iowa State University, Department of Economics. - Barrett, Christopher B., 1997. "Liberalization and food price distributions: ARCH-M evidence from Madagascar," Food Policy, Elsevier, vol. 22(2), pages 155-173, April. - Fabian, Capitanio & Felice, Adinolfi & Fabio G., Santeramo, 2014. "Crop insurance subsidies and environmental externalities: evidence from Southern Italy," MPRA Paper 62505, University Library of Munich, Germany. - Capitanio, Fabian, 2008. "Risk Management Through Insurance And Environmental Externalities From Agricultural Input Use: An Italian Case Study," 109th Seminar, November 20-21, 2008, Viterbo, Italy 44834, European Association of Agricultural Economists. - Mendoza, Meyra S. & Rosegrant, Mark W. & Brorsen, Wade, 1992. "Aggregate Corn Area Response Under Risk: Some Implications for Price Stabilization Programs," Philippine Journal of Development JPD 1992 Vol. XIX No. 2-d, Philippine Institute for Development Studies. - Paulsson, Thomas & Sproule, Robert, 2002. "Stochastically dominating shifts and the competitive firm," European Journal of Operational Research, Elsevier, vol. 141(1), pages 107-112, August. - Yasuhiro Sakai & Akihiko Yoshizumi, 1991. "The impact of risk aversion on information transmission between firms," Journal of Economics, Springer, vol. 53(1), pages 51-73, February. - Yasunori Ishii, 1991. "On the theory of monopolistic competition under demand uncertainty," Journal of Economics, Springer, vol. 54(1), pages 21-32, February. - Choi, Gyemyung & Kim, Iltae & Snow, Arthur, 2000. "Comparative statics predictions for the cross-effects of central dominance changes in risk with quasilinear payoffs," Economics Letters, Elsevier, vol. 66(1), pages 41-48, January. When requesting a correction, please mention this item's handle: RePEc:aea:aecrev:v:67:y:1977:i:4:p:768-69. See general information about how to correct material in RePEc. For technical questions regarding this item, or to correct its authors, title, abstract, bibliographic or download information, contact: (Jane Voros)or (Michael P. Albert) If you have authored this item and are not yet registered with RePEc, we encourage you to do it here. This allows to link your profile to this item. It also allows you to accept potential citations to this item that we are uncertain about. If references are entirely missing, you can add them using this form. If the full references list an item that is present in RePEc, but the system did not link to it, you can help with this form. If you know of missing items citing this one, you can help us creating those links by adding the relevant references in the same way as above, for each refering item. If you are a registered author of this item, you may also want to check the "citations" tab in your profile, as there may be some citations waiting for confirmation. Please note that corrections may take a couple of weeks to filter through the various RePEc services. Follow series, journals, authors & more New papers by email Subscribe to new additions to RePEc Public profiles for Economics researchers Various rankings of research in Economics & related fields Who was a student of whom, using RePEc Curated articles & papers on various economics topics Upload your paper to be listed on RePEc and IDEAS Blog aggregator for economics research Cases of plagiarism in Economics Job Market Papers RePEc working paper series dedicated to the job market Pretend you are at the helm of an economics department Services from the StL Fed Data, research, apps & more from the St. Louis FedHomemade salted caramel sauce is so easy to make that you won't need to buy it from the store! Make a bunch to store in the fridge for future dessert use! Check out our new and Easy Macaron Recipe! If you've every wanted to try these adorable little desserts, this recipe is the most basic way! Raspberry Lemonade Cupcakes - fresh lemon cupcakes and fresh raspberry buttercream frosting. Summery deliciousness! Love these! A dream for rainbow lovers! Valentine's Day Rainbow Heart Cookies - Eugenie Cookies by Eugenie Kitchen The Capitol Baker: Fourth of July Strawberries Red Velvet Cupcakes in a Jar | Community Post: 22 Desserts In Jars For Summer Picnics No-Bake Strawberry Milkshake Cheesecake | 27 Cool And Easy Icebox Cakes Cute desserts idea!. Very fun idea for the "girls night" party ima plan for all of us...~AMO (Baked) Cake Mix Doughnuts banoffee pie bitesSaltie: A Cookbook, by Caroline Fidanza (Chronicle Books, 224 pages) My favorite cookbook of the year is a synecdoche of the Williamsburg restaurant from which it emerges: It looks tiny and insignificant (just sandwiches?), but it's a powerhouse. To make each component of a sandwich perfectly from scratch takes years of practice-built skill; to conceive of a sandwich as perfect as the Scuttlebutt, as the four women of Saltie did, evinces a slyly veiled level of genius. The Hungry Ear: Poems of Food and Drink, edited by Kevin Young (Bloomsbury USA, 336 pages) What we talk about when we talk about food: This anthology surveys the poetry of appetite, which of course can cover a lot of ground – emotional, political, self-abnegating – but here the metaphors are all gastronomic. Editor Kevin Young has himself written many beautiful poems with culinary conceits; four of the 158 collected in this volume are his. Edible Selby, by Todd Selby (Abrams, 296 pages) Interiors and fashion photographer Todd Selby (The Selby Is in Your Place) focuses in on foodies – cooks, restaurateurs, fishermen, gifted throwers of dinner parties – in the latest groovy comp of his trademark photo-shoot/interviews. Selby has a knack for placing the reader right in the subject's world; each interview feels and looks naturally beautiful and utterly unstaged. More lifestyle than cookbook, but irresistible to anyone who loves to eat. The Mile End Cookbook, by Noah and Rae Bernamoff (Clarkson Potter, 224 pages) The Bernamoffs, Montreal-expat chef-owners of New York's Mile End Deli, have truly redefined Jewish comfort food, fine-tuning Eastern European favorites like pastrami, lox, blintzes and brisket into luxurious classics – the recipes for challah-dough cinnamon rolls and crispy sour pickles are homey knockouts. The heavy emphasis on DIY smoking and curing is educational; the page design and photography are as useful as they are beautiful. Skirt Steak: Women Chefs on Standing the Heat and Staying in the Kitchen, by Charlotte Druckman (Chronicle Books, 320 pages) Women are supposed to stay in the kitchen, unless it's the kind of kitchen where you get paid; then they're supposed to stay the hell out. Druckman's deeply sourced book tends toward the polemic but never loses its sense of humor, giving equal time to chefs who've made it work within the boys-club system and those who've gone their own way. The Art of the Restaurateur, by Nicholas Lander (Phaidon, 352 pages) Financial Times restaurant critic Lander's prose is sparkling, fluid and self-assured, but the true strength of this book is Nigel Peake's witty line drawings. Like most Phaidon publications (see Fäviken, top right), its pure physical presence makes it covetable: The pages lie perfectly flat, the cover is silky perfection, and each detail is so well-thought-out that the erudite writing is almost – almost – subordinate. Consider the Fork, by Bee Wilson (Basic Books, 352 pages) Consider the Fork is a chunky little contender of a nonfiction book, doggedly researched by Wilson, but it's saved from being a grind by the hybridity of its topic. Tracing the origin of the common utensils humans have evolved for eating and cooking, after all, touches not just on food and design, but on sociology, prehistory, even biology, and Wilson has the gift of making dull detail spring vividly to life. CookFight: 2 Cooks, 12 Challenges, 125 Recipes, an Epic Battle for Kitchen Dominance, by Julia Moskin and Kim Severson (Ecco, 320 pages) Don't let the generic cookbook cover fool you. These women have an anarchic sense of humor, not to mention the most bloodthirstily competitive friendship I've ever seen. (That pun on "cockfight" isn't accidental.) The conceit, which grew out of a New York Times series, is genius: Severson and Moskin separately tackle a dozen common kitchen problems – dinner party, holiday buffet, picky eater – and set down their individual recipe solutions; readers are the true winners. Fäviken, by Magnus Nilsson (Phaidon, 272 pages) On the other end of the spectrum from Cookfight's practicalities lies this Swedish chef's chronicle of his fiercely idiosyncratic restaurant, full of recipes for dishes like "Grouse, paste of innards, gypsy mushrooms and rowan berries." In other words, you could follow these recipes qua recipes, but they're perhaps most useful as inspiration. (For those who loved last year's rugged-Swedish-forager cookbook, Fäviken is this year's NOMA.) Jerusalem: A Cookbook, by Yotam Ottolenghi and Sami Tamimi (Ten Speed Press, 320 pages) Super-committed carnivores may have felt left out by the furore over Ottolenghi's last cookbook, Plenty, with its vegetarian focus. Fret no more, meat-eaters; Jerusalem encompasses the entirety of the edible kingdom, with an emphasis on the more esoteric corners of Mediterranean cuisine. These recipes are simple but in no way simplistic. The Best Illustrated Cocktail Recipes, Created by Artists From Around the World, edited by Nate Padavick and Salli Swindell (Studio SSS, 46 pages) The brother-and-sister team behind the website-turned-cookbook They Draw and Cook is back with this short, sweet cocktail recipe compilation. Charming illustrated recipes, each by a different artist, limn boozy concoctions from 007's Vesper Martini to the Tall Blonde, a Scandinavian stunner. Oranges, by John McPhee (Farrar, Straus and Giroux, 168 pages) Every year I write this roundup of the year's best cookbooks; every year I include this book, first published in 1975. Why? Because McPhee's classic of narrative nonfiction is a miniature universe. Like one of those tiny glasses of OJ served in diners, its narrow covers enclose the geological, historical and meteorological roots of Florida citrus farmers' struggle to exist. So no big deal: just a self-contained cosmology of the Sunshine State, that's all.Whitman School, Falcone Center for Entrepreneurship announce call for submissions for 2013 Panasci Business Plan Competition The Falcone Center for Entrepreneurship and the Department of Entrepreneurship and Emerging Enterprises (EEE) in the Whitman School of Management have announced a call for submissions for the 2013 Panasci Business Plan Competition. The competition accepts business plan ideas from graduate and undergraduate students in all schools and colleges at SU and SUNY-ESF. The two-day competition will take place April 12-13. “Panasci is one of the premier campus-wide business plan competitions in the country. It brings together some of Syracuse University’s best and brightest who have a unique idea and have done the hard work of putting together a thoughtful business plan,” notes Terry Brown, executive director of the Falcone Center for Entrepreneurship. “Over the past several years, the competition has become more intense as the quality and creativity of business ideas has significantly improved.” On the first day of competition, 16 semi-finalist teams will be chosen to present to a panel of expert judges. Finalists will then compete for the grand prize on the second day. The top three teams, chosen based on their plan’s potential for growth and attraction of outside financing, are awarded prizes of $25,000, $10,000 and $5,000, respectively. Additional financing is awarded to three teams deemed to have an idea with the greatest potential for positive impact on society and the natural environment (Fetner Prize in Sustainable Enterprise: $5,000); the greatest positive social impact (Holtz Prize in Global Entrepreneurship: $5,000); and the idea that exhibits leading-edge technology and innovation (Goldberg Prize in Technology & Innovation: $2,500). Throughout the spring semester, teams will work to write a comprehensive business plan. EEE faculty members will work with students to improve their business plans for the competition in a weekly business plan laboratory. The Falcone Center also offers special sessions with partnering accounting and law firms, providing financial presentations and critical guidance in areas such as intellectual property. To participate, intent to compete and entrant certification forms are both due by Jan. 1, 2013. Printed copies of the forms are available at the Falcone Center, Suite 116 in the Whitman School. To register, visit whitman.syr.edu/Centers/Falcone/Student/Panasci/Register.asp. Notable winners of previous Panasci competitions include thriving businesses Dream Water, an all-natural liquid sleep supplement; Rylaxing LLC, named one of America’s Coolest College Start-ups by Inc. magazine; and James Barrett Co., an apparel company. The Panasci competition is made possible by support from Henry A. Panasci, founder of Fay’s Drugs and former chairman of Cygnus Management Group, a venture capital and management consulting firm. For more information, contact Lindsay Wickham, Falcone Center events and communications manager, at 315-443-3550 or firstname.lastname@example.org.“To me, the greatest pleasure of writing is not what it’s about, but the inner music that words make.” – Truman Capote I was born to write. Ever since I can remember, I’ve loved telling stories and playing with new and creative ways to arrange words in a way that tingles the senses and moves the soul. Does this mean that everything I put to paper is gold? Of course not – writing is hard work! But each time I sit down to write it feels right, somehow – as if I’m doing something I was designed to do. That’s how I know that I truly am a writer. If you’re reading this, then I imagine you feel the same way. At times it seems that the number of people who dream of writing something important outnumber the stars in the night sky. Have you ever wondered why? Can this many people really be called to write? What if all of us have been called to tell our story? To understand this phenomenon, we have to have a solid grasp of where we came from. In Genesis 1:26, God says, “Let us make man in our image, after our likeness.” Each of us has been created to reflect the nature of God. Understanding God, then, is the key to understanding ourselves. And God, you see, is an Author. Through the timeless pages of Scripture, God tells His story. He begins at the dawn of time, and concludes far into our future when time shall be no more. Through it all, He reveals to His readers Who He is, what He has done, and above all – how infinitely He loves us. He also told His story through the person of Jesus Christ. How is Jesus introduced in the Gospel of John? Not as a Savior, or as a Teacher, but as the Word (John 1:1). The life and work of Jesus was God’s greatest message of all. As we think of this sinless man drawing His last breath on a cruel cross because of our faults – the story refuses to let us go. It haunts our thoughts daily, and inspires us to greatness... everything a good story should do. As men and women created in the image of the Greatest Author, it only goes to follow that we would dream of becoming authors ourselves. From the beginning, every human being who has ever lived has attempted to tell his or her story in one way or another. And if we want our writing to be excellent, then we must do our very best to reflect the writing of the First Author. How on earth do we accomplish this? We make sure we tackle the big questions: “Who am I?” and “Why am I here?” Think of every story that has truly moved you or impacted your decisions, and at the heart of it you’ll find an answer to these two all-important questions. As Christian writers, we have an additional advantage: not only do we know which questions to ask, but we know the answers. The Bible tells us plainly that we were created in God’s image for the purpose of bringing attention and glory to His name. Weave this into the fabric of your next storyline, and it is sure to ring true in the hearts of all who read it... because it is truth. Be encouraged, fellow writer! Each time you embark on another writing journey and seek to fill another blank page, you are doing something incredibly important. You are reflecting the image and work of God. Let’s do our work, and do it well. Today’s post is part of the A-to-Z Challenge, where participants commit to posting one article for each day during the month of April – one for every letter of the alphabet. Check back here at “The Artistic Christian” for a daily slice of art (art reviews, practical tips, and motivation for artists), all steeped in a rich Christian worldview.I completed my Bachelors in 2015. I got an opportunity to work in cement production industry but my interest in Design and Analysis softwares. Later i resigned my job and decided to join analysis software courses. My friend Praveen inform about techzilon and training. I joined as a CAE trainee in techzilon learnt both theory and practical part in HYPERMESH tool. Trainers are very much co-operative. I attended written test, tool-test and technical GD as a part of the training. My trainers cleared my doubts before moving to next topics which is easily understandable. I got selected for CSM Technologies. It’s not only my effort also techzilon. Thanks to my trainers and techzilon placement team.Registration for our 2016 March Holiday Programmes is now closed. We regularly conduct fun and enriching holiday programs for students of all ages. If you would like to keep updated on our upcoming holiday programmes and workshops, please contact us! March is just around the corner and with it comes the much anticipated school holidays! Some students may wish to use this time to focus on revising and reinforcing concepts taught over the past term, while others may wish to engage in fun learning activities. We have put together the finest suite of holiday programs this March. From the rigorous Intensive Revision Program Series to the fun and engaging Amazing World of Science camps, there’s something for everyone! As spots are limited, do register early to avoid disappointment.Best Bon Jovi & Bon Jovi Member Solo AlbumsNirmal1991USA This list includes Bon Jovi studio Albums, compilation albums, live albums & Solo Albums from Jon, Richie, David, Tico & Alec... Vote for the Epic Albums which made Bon Jovi, the G
reatest Music Band in the History of Popular Music... The Top Ten The Greatest Guitarists Album of All-time! This Album is Pure Greatness, showing the Genuine Affettuoso Virtuoso within Richie Sambora... Brilliant Vocals, Beautiful Guitar Riffs & Licks, Tantalizing Chords & Incomprehensibly Incredible Guitar Solos! This Album has them All! You must give a listen to: Stranger in This Town, One Light Burning, Ballad of Youth, Rosie, The Answer, Father Time, Church of Desire, River of Love, Rest in Peace, The Wind Cries Mary & Mr. Bluesman (featuring Eric Clapton)... Incredible Guitar Artistry & Vocals by the Man Himself... Amazing, Amazing, Amazing Musical Masterpiece! - Nirmal1991USA The co-2nd Greatest Bon Jovi Album of All-time! Born to Be My Baby, I'll Be There for You, Lay Your Hands on Me, Bad Medicine & Homebound Train... What are you waiting for? Youtube them NOW! - Nirmal1991USA The co-2nd Greatest Bon Jovi Album of All-time! Keep the Faith, Bed of Roses, I'll sleep when I'm Dead, If I was your Mother & Dry County... What are you waiting for? YouTube them NOW! - Nirmal1991USA The Greatest Compilation Album of All-time! No Musical Band in the history of Popular Music has created more versions of their own Hits than BON JOVI... Some of those versions are even better than the Originals! - Nirmal1991USA In 2003, Bon Jovi ended up rewriting, re-recording and reinventing 12 of their biggest hits in a new and much different light, the Legendary Acoustic & Unplugged Album: This Left Feels Right! And Man! What a great Title it has! - Nirmal1991USA The 1st Bon Jovi Album after the sad departure of the original bassist Alec John Such... But What a great Album this is! These Days [Amazing Chord progression], My Guitar Lies Bleeding in My Arms [What a Solo! ], (It's Hard) Letting You Go [The Ending Solo! ] & Diamond Ring [Acoustic Masterpiece with Richie Sambora's Greatest Acoustic Solo! ]... What are you waiting for? YouTube them NOW! - Nirmal1991USA Seconded only to Stranger in this Town... This Album contains the Sheer beauty of: In It for Love, Harlem Rain, Hard Times Come Easy, Fallen From Graceland & Undiscovered Soul... - Nirmal1991USA Jon's 1st Solo Album... This Album contains the Epic 'Blaze of Glory' plus Dyin' Ain't Much of a Livin', Justice in the Barrel & Miracle (Featuring Jeff Beck). - Nirmal1991USA Related ListsBest Bon Jovi Songs Best Bon Jovi Album Best Songs Between Aerosmith and Bon Jovi Top 10 Songs on Bon Jovi's Slippery When Wet Best Songs From Bon Jovi's Greatest Hits List StatsUpdated 20 Aug 2017 4 years, 245 days old 2. Slippery When Wet - Bon Jovi (1986) 3. New Jersey - Bon Jovi (1988)June 22nd, 2017 Introducing the ‘she shed’: Women’s answer to the man cave Around the world, women are staking claim to space of their own – in their own backyard. NBC’s Jo Ling Kent takes a look at the “she shed” trend and the TODAY anchors surprise one lucky viewer with her very own! More on this story here.played plaid ; Thursday, February 26, 2009 // 7:12 PM Okay, so i admit, i wasn't planning on doing a blogpost today but because a friend of mine, Wong Shi Fen requested for a certain item of clothing to be discussed, i decided why not? so if anyone has any requests as to what you want me to blog about in terms of clothing or what to wear for a specific occasion or what goes well with what? feel free to write in my cbox. yes, you too Puan Azura. there isn't a woman in the world who isn't interested in clothing. Only some who are ignorant due to the fact that they cannot embrace the world of shopping that is now looked down upon because of today's representation of shopaholics that are seen as spoilt, rich, and shallow. not that there's anything wrong with that. HAHA. i think that i have written in a previous post that YOU DO NOT HAVE TO BE FILTHY RICH to be fashionable. Fashion is not associated with money. and therefore i object when someone says "Oh, i can't afford fashion". worst excuse for lazy people who don't have the decency to dress appropriately and nicely. i "pft" so back to my blogpost, as you can tell by the title, Fen wanted me to talk about PLAID. plaid was made famous by the scottish people and somehow someway it became the HUGEST trend sometime 2 years ago by shops such as Topshop, Warehouse, Miss Selfridge, Forever 21, Abercrombie, and lots more. honestly. even i own many many plaid peices myself. I LOVE IT. :D they automatically look cute on thier own though could go horribly horribly wrong when worn wrongly. first, i present to you, the history of plaid. :P Plaid (pronounced /ˈplad/) is a Scots language word meaning blanket, usually referring to patterned woollen cloth. It is unclear if the Gaelic word Plaide came first. - A plaid or full plaid is a pleated cloth worn with the modern kilt, made from the same tartan and worn cast over the shoulder and fastened at the front. - A plaid rug is a large thick woolen twill cloth, often tartan, used as a travel rug or as a blanket. nowdays, plaid comes in almost EVERY form of clothing. The most common form of plaid is probably the Plaid Shirt. now at first, people refused to embrace plaid as they usually said it resembled a picnic mat or a tablecloth. but as you can see, this fashion trend has spread itself so far and so wide that the people that once turned down the idea of wearing plaid are indeed the ones, craziest about it. (: I admit to having at least 3 plaid shirts. mostly from Topshop and Miss Selfridge. this shirt is from Hollister and it is very similar to one that i own except that mine is blue and white. i also own a short sleeved plaid shirt in red and black from Topshop. However, i think that plaid shirts look best long sleeved and folded to the elbow. This look goes best with skinny jeans e.g. Lauren Conrad. btw. i LOVE her white Balenciaga bag. yes i know. i can tell. :P cause i own that bag in red, black and brown. haha. Note: This trend SHOULD NOT be worn with other coloured/pattered plaid tops as this will end up looking like chaos unless you're Agyness Deyn. *p.s Agyness Deyn is noted as the no. 1 couture/high fashion supermodel of 2008 and 2009* next, the plaid tanks. this look will go best with blue denim skinnies. not those black or coloured ones. just good old blue skinny jeans. make sure the denim isnt too light as this top is already light enough as it is. or opt for White skinnies if you choose to be bold. a simply sling bag would look better than a large carry bag. as this look is fairly relaxed. this plaid bow tank from Topshop. now this would look good with almost any colour of skinnies. i prefer skinnies with plaid as plaid is usually done slightly baggy. you can hardly ever find a tight fitting plaid top. or at least one that looks good. so skinnies it is. skirts will also make you look very slumpy. unless you wear a high waisted tight skirt. no flary ones. so yes. this top would even look good with BRIGHT BRIGHT skinny jeans. that i am well known for. haha. like bright yellow, green, royal blue, red, or even purple skinnies would look good. though you could always opt for black or orignal denim blue jeans. :D i know most of us do go to cold places, but i've come to realize that scarves arent only for cold places cause most middle street shops make lighter in other words, thinner scarves for spring that could be used in Malaysia. and i admit. i have TONS of thin scarves. some with skulls, stripes and obviously PLAID. i actually found the exact scarf i have. this is from Forever 21. it also comes in a few other colours but i think that the black and white one looked the best on tshirts. oh yes. scarves on tshirts . not on shirts unless you wanna just drape it over your neck instead of tying it up like it is tied in the picture. it can even be draped over dresses or as a cover up. you gotta love the plaid scarf. now the next item of clothing, i don't necessarily see as a fashion faux pas. there is hardly ever a time when an item of clothing is the faux pas. it depends if the person wearing it looks good in it or pulls it off. so next is the plaid pants. i know most of you are like OH NO. but seriously. imagine this with a grey with slightly blueish band tee. for e.g the beatles or jimi hendrix with some black flats and a chanel chain bag, in black of course. BEAUTIFUL. s0 it really depends what you pair it up with. now two of my favourite plaid clothing. THE SKIRT AND THE DRESS! this skirt. the whole school looking plaid skirt with black tights with that grey top you see there. i think the grey top should be sleeveless and with minor ruffles for optimum beauty. i think the plaid skirt was MADE to be worn with tights though some may prefer without. especially the malaysians, we all know its boiling in this country. so it can be worn with shirts, flowy tops, tee shirts even! anything. i love the plaid skirt. the normal plaid skirt, the red, green and dark blue one also has the same principles so EXPLORE. and lastly. my favouritest of the favourites. the plaid dress. now the dress worn in this picture is PERFECTLY done. of course this whole outfit is courtesy of Topshop. i love the mixture of the blue plaid dress with the black mesh underneath, leg warmers with something that looks like grey pumps or even ankle boots! i love ankle boots too . haha. maybe that'll be the next post. now that waist belt is so beautiful as it is a studded waist belt. you know those punk rockers who made studded belts famous and therefore also avoided, well topshop has created a wide clinch waist belt with black and silver studs. i really love it. as it gives you this whole glamorous look to the slightly rock inspired outfit. and the leather jacket so completes the outfit. now for malaysians who prefer not to wear a leather jacket as you may be shun upon, the leather jacket can be replaced by a nice black tailored jacket, or even a black long or mid cardigan would do you justice. the best thing about this outfit, minimal accesories . get a silver clutch and you're ready to go. (: whoah. this blogpost is tiring. and i have completed my 3 a week blogpost rule. so for next week. please ideas of what want me to blog about. thank you. BYE!Connected Investors is... Steve Dutton, NC Flipped over 75 properties Connected InvestorWatch his story » Company Team Results Licensed ContractorBio: My name is Uloaku Amah. I am primarily a Commercial investor based out of the Trenton, NJ area. I am looking to connect with Funding. Make sure to Friend me and... More Like my Connected Investors profile. Less Posted: There are crooks on this site pretending to be Hardmoney lenders. I was ripped off by the company named KAF Partners out of Hollywood, Florida. They go by first... More no last names. Patty, Grant, Charles and Ann.They have google phone numbers. (888)564-6414 or (754)777-0106. They took money $1,250 from me, and also cost me extra expense in appraisal, $2,500, Survey $550 and title/closing fees of $2,500. They went through all this, set up a phony closing and never funded. They put me through all this expense just to scam me of $1,250. Like I told them, they should have just went about their business after stealing the $1,250 from me. Instead they cost me extra money. They came from Connected Investors. Be very careful who you deal with, there are lots of phonies waiting to pounce on real estate investors. LessNBOMB is a crossword puzzle answer that we have spotted 2 times. Last Seen In: - LA Times - June 30, 2011 - New York Times - July 30, 2004 Seen a clue for the answer nbomb that we don't have? Then please submit it to us so we can make the clue database even better!Until I can afford drawing lessons, I've been trying to do what I can on my own. I've found some nice pictures online and do my best to work on the shading and different lines. Some of the results I don't like, others I was very happy with how they turned out. I can't seem to get straight pictures from my sketch book. They look straight on the camera when I take them, but then I upload them and they are crooked. This is one I didn't like how it turned out. The shading didn't work and the whole thing looks flat. Although I was very happy with the palm leaves. This is the picture I based it off. The shadows of the palm trees is hard to see in the picture but much clearer in my sketch book. My camera had trouble picking them up. Although the sand and waves didn't quite work I did like how this one turned out in the end. This one though I must admit I really like the outcome. The reflection was a lot of fun to try and though the coloring didn't work the way I wanted I was happy with the reflection effect. I need to find a way to get my colors to blend nicer. I might see if I can pick something up when I'm back in the city to help with that. And there are my attempts so far.Friday, December 31, 2010 Wish List Window Ad We all need a lot of consumables items for our classroom to give the children we teach the best learning environment possible. Here is one of the ways that helps keep my consumable pantry full. I make a sign with dollar store items that we could use for up coming projects and I post it in the window looking out. Parents have the opportunity to look at the wish list while they wait to come in at the beginning or end of the day. I have always had a dollar store wish list that was posted by the sing In/Out sheets, but never had gotten much of a response. Once I put up the window ad I got items the following day. So if your are in need of items to insure your classroom has the best learning environment possible think about put up your own window Ad.2013 Red Bull X-Alps have announced the route that will see 32 athletes from 21 countries race across the Alps on July 7th. At 1,031km as the crow flies, the route is almost 200km longer than in 2011, and will see athletes battling across some of the most challenging and inhospitable terrain in the Alps. As in previous years the race begins in Salzburg, Austria. From there athletes must make their way south-east to the Dachstein massif (2,995m) and then west through the Hohe Tauern national park holiday region where the peak of Wildkogel (2,224m) awaits. Athletes must then negotiate tricky Innsbruck airspace and a confusing Karwendel crossing to Garmisch-Partenkirchen and the Zugspitze (2,962m), Germany's highest mountain. The route then crosses the Italian border and goes through South Tyrol, passing Sulden in the Ortler region, and then heads west on one of the longest stages to Interlaken, Switzerland, which offers no easy route. Then it's south across the Bernese Oberland to the Matterhorn (4,478m), one of the most spectacular parts of the route. For the athletes still in contention the race then becomes a tactical battle but also a visual tour as they cross the high Alps passing Mt Blanc (4,810m), before heading south for the Alps Maritimes and the finish line of Monaco. These are the mandatory tunpoints that athletes must pass. Some are mountains that will have to be climbed while others may involve complicated flying around restricted airspace: 1. Gaisberg 1,287m 2. Dachstein 2,995m 3. Wildkogel, 2,224m 4. Zugspitze / Garmisch-Partenkirchen 2,962m 5. Ortler / Sulden 1,906m 6. Interlaken 568m 7. Matterhorn 4,478m 8. Mont Blanc 4,810m 9. Saint Hilaire 995m 10. Peille 600mSpider veins are a common problem that can occur on the face and body, and they will not go away without intervention. Spider veins on the nose or cheeks can exist simply because the veins around tend to enlarge with age, sun and other stressors, or as part of a more chronic condition like rosacea. In either case, Nob Hill Medical & Aesthetic often recommends customized treatments with Broad Band Light or Laser. These procedures offer immediate gratification as the vessels typically shut down and disappear. A variant on these are spider or cherry angiomata. These are small, bright red dots often found on the torsos of both men and women. The same techniques used for facial spider veins can make these annoying spots go away. Finally, there can be spider veins on the legs. If these veins are varicose (raised, worm-like) this can represent a deeper issue for which we usually refer patients out. If there are no varicose veins but only reddish-purple fine sprays and fans of vessels on the thighs and lower legs there are several treatment options including sclerotherapy (injections using very fine Japanese needles and a local anesthetic so it’s very comfortable), BBL [link] or laser therapies [link]. We offer all three options so Dr. Bukov can customize the very best treatments to get you the results you are seeking.Athens - James W. Fielden, longtime Athens Realtor and businessman died peacefully on August 3, 2016 in Athens at the age of 70. James was born March 22, 1946 in Gilmer, Texas, graduated from Gilmer High School and graduated from Texas Tech University in 1968. He moved to Athens in 1969 and spent most of his life in the Athens area, the community he loved. He is survived by his wife Barbara; son Michael and wife Tonya; daughter Nena and husband Kane and five grandsons he adored beyond belief, James, Jacob, Kiernan, Cole and Caden. To Those I Love and Those Who Loved Me: When I am gone, release me, let me go I have so many things to see and do You mustn't tie yourself to me with tears Be happy that we had so many years I gave to you my love, you can only guess How much you gave to me in happiness I thank you for the love you each have shown But now it's time I travel alone So grieve a while for me, if grieve you must Then let your grief be comforted by trust It's only for a while that we must part So bless the memories within your heart I won't be far away, for life goes on So if you need me, call and I will come Though you can't see me or touch me, I'll be near And if you listen with your heart, you'll hear All my love around you, soft and clear And then, when you must come this way alone I'll greet you with a smile and "Welcome Home" At his request, no public services will be held. A private celebration of his life will be held at a later date. Donations to the Cancer Research Center at UT Health Northwest, Tyler, Texas would be greatly appreciated. You may light a memorial candle or write condolences to the family at www.hannigansmith.com Published on August 3, 2016Today, there are all sorts of entertainers providing a vast range of numbers. With all this diversity, certain traditional acts tend to be underestimated and even laid aside. Juggling shows are sometimes subject to this attitude. However, this is not the case of Ivan Pecel. Yes, he is a juggler, but he is likely to make you change your mind about this type of performance. Read on to find out how. He Is an Utterly Skilled Performer If the idea of juggling ceased to lure you, Ivan’s act would make you change your mind. He brings novelty elements which draw anyone’s interest. He will manage to surprise even the most skeptical audience. Ivan can toss almost anything into the air, from ping pong balls to ... a real person! Ivan’s extensive experience and intense training allow him to create the most impressive juggling number. The show is full of breathtaking moments which highlight his outstanding abilities. His Explosive Show is an Experience Worth Living The best part about Ivan’s show is the tension he manages to create and maintain from the very beginning. This is not a show where you see someone texting or yawning. No, because all eyes are on Ivan. He will do everything to entertain the crowd from juggling balls using his mouth, to dangerously playing with flaming torches. Ivan Pecel is a natural born showman! He puts on a highly energetic act based on dramatic tricks. No wonder his popularity is growing by the day. His performance is regularly sought after by event planners and TV channels. He Is also a Gifted Comedian If juggling is not your cup of tea, maybe comedy will please you. Why am I telling you this? Ivan is not only an ‘acrobat.’ He is a real entertainer who knows how to leverage the power of laughter. Jumping around, spinning and twisting do not prevent him from being funny as well. You can easily picture him as a stand-up comedian disguised as a juggler. In fact, you do not have to imagine it. Take a look at the video below to get a sample of what he can do on stage. Ivan Pecel Is Flexible Moreover, by this, we do not mean he can bend easily. Although he is quite capable of doing so. He is flexible regarding adapting his number according to your needs. Ivan can incorporate juggling in any event. Be it a corporate, college or fundraising gathering; he will surely put on quite a show for you. He is experienced and able to adapt to any circumstances. From clubs to cruise ships and casinos, he has performed everywhere. Moreover, he is also willing to include your desired message into his speech. An amazing juggler was acting as your advocate. Now that is something you do not see every day! We will help you find out more about Ivan’s availability in this period. Originally posted 2017-02-24 05:04:54.Folsom Movers: Top-Rated Service for All Relocations Auburn Moving & Storage 10000 Hillview Rd Newcastle, CA 95658 M-F: 8am – 5pm Sat: 8am – 12pm - Licensed & Insured Movers - Affordable Moving Rates - No-Hassle, Full-Service Expert Moving Services in Folsom, CA Home and business owners alike choose Auburn Moving & Storage when they need fast, reliable moving services in Folsom, California. With affordable storage, packing and specialty moving services available for residential and commercial clients alike, our Folsom movers can turn even a stressful, complex move into a simple and —yes— even pleasant experience. Table Of Contents: - Folsom Moving Rates - Folsom Residential Moving Services - Folsom Commercial Moving Services - Folsom Local Moving Services - Folsom Long Distance Services - Folsom Specialty Moving Services - Folsom Senior Moving Services - Folsom Storage Services - Folsom Packing Services Folsom, as made famous by the unforgettable opening lyrics of Johnny Cash’s 1955 masterpiece song, is a city with much more than a prison to its name. Part of a metropolitan area that includes Sacramento, Arcade, Arden and Roseville, the city is a bustling hub of commercial activity with over 76,000 residents. Multinational technology giant Intel is the area’s main employer, supporting a major share of the busy local economy. Auburn Moving & Storage provides valuable local moving services in Folsom, CA to both businesses and homeowners. We move furniture, heirlooms and office equipment as well as specialty items such as sculptures, pianos and more. We’re happy to offer you a free quote on your move—simply call and ask one of our specialists to fill you in. Call Our Folsom Movers For The Best Folsom Moving Rates Contrary to popular opinion, calling a professional moving company isn’t out of the average homeowners’ financial reach. Choosing the right movers in Folsom can actually save you money. This is because highly professional movers like those we employ at Auburn Moving & Storage save you time—and everyone knows that time is money. Instead of spending days off work to pack all of your belongings yourself, you can have us take care of the job for you and get the entire move finished in one sitting. This is the primary value to be enjoyed by choosing us as your Folsom, CA movers, and it applies whether you’re busy working a full-time job or if you’re a student moving into the area to attend Folsom Lake College. To get an idea of our rates, call us and ask for a quote. Even if you haven’t started preparing for your move, we can give you an estimate based on the number of rooms’ w
orth of items you would like to move. We can then suggest how many movers and trucks you need to get the job done, with packing, loading and unloading all accounted for in one affordable quote. Choose us for Residential Moving Services in Folsom, CA Moving your entire household from one property to another can seem like a daunting, stressful task. With us as your preferred residential moving company in Folsom, CA, however, it’s as easy to start as making a single phone call. While there are many residential Folsom movers near you, not all of them carry a reputation as trustworthy as ours—check out our perfect rating with the Better Business Bureau for yourself! In an industry with fly-by-night moving operations making enormous promises they can never keep, it’s important to choose residential movers with a record you can trust. We can move your home from Elk Grove to Rancho Cordoba or even as far as Placerville without issue. If you wish to pass state or international lines, we can do that for you, too. In each case, you can be sure your belongings are in safe hands, to be delivered intact without a hint of damage. Commercial Moving Services in Folsom, CA If your company is looking to expand or wishes to move its headquarters to a more feasible location somewhere in the area, you’re in luck. Auburn Moving & Storage offers the fastest and most efficient services for commercial moves in Folsom, CA. Call us and let us know what kind of equipment you need moved and one of our specialists will provide you with a quick, accurate quote. When hiring a commercial moving company in Folsom, CA, you want to make sure time is on your side. Moving your business can be a major inconvenience because downtime is expensive, and not only in lost productivity—you could upset clients and partners alike by taking too long to finish your move. Auburn Moving & Storage handles long-distance and local commercial moves with the utmost efficiency and professionalism, however. Folsom Local Movers At Auburn Moving & Storage, we provide our clients with quick and efficient services for local moves in Folsom, CA. Whether moving from Fair Oaks to Rocklin or from Carmichael up north to the El Dorado Hills, you can rest assured you’re getting the best rate on the market by working with us. We make local moves easy and affordable for our clients. When you choose us, we make sure our employees are well organized so that you don’t end up charged unnecessarily. Other moving companies have no incentive to be so efficient and productive, so they’ll happily charge for every hour their employees spend waiting for the moving truck to arrive in order to make a local move “worth their time”. Long Distance Movers in Folsom, CA When moving across state lines, organization and efficiency become more important than ever. Thankfully, Auburn Moving & Storage has a robust and highly developed system for keeping track of our clients’ belongings and making sure they arrive safe and sound at the destination desired. Not only does our modern approach to inventory and resource management give us an edge when it comes to performing long distance moves in Folsom, CA, but it helps us charge lower rates than anyone else in Sacramento County. Let us know how many rooms’ worth of items you’re looking to transport over state or international lines and we’ll give you a comprehensive quote on the move. Folsom Specialty Moving Services Not all movers are qualified to offer specialty moving services in Folsom, CA. There are many items that are too awkward, too cumbersome or too heavy to move easily. Even otherwise trustworthy moving companies can fail with these items simply because they don’t have the experience necessary to move them successfully. Examples of items that require specialty services include pianos, safes and hot tubs. A piano is far too heavy and delicate to be moved by anyone other than one of our experienced specialty movers, and while safes are less delicate, their extreme weight makes them dangerous to move without the proper tools. Hot tubs are complicated because of their great size and awkward shape, and may need to be disassembled for moving. In each case, we offer the experience necessary to get your specialty items transported safely and securely into their new home. Senior Moving Services in Folsom At Auburn Moving & Storage, senior moving service is one of our specialties. There are a number of unique considerations that Folsom movers need to keep in mind when moving seniors’ items, and we have the best local track record for senior moves in the region, especially around nearby Lake Natoma, which offers fishing, hiking and other outdoor activities ideal for maintaining a healthy, active senior lifestyle. Whether moving seniors into retirement facilities or getting them into a new family home, the ability to pack delicates quickly and safely is the most important asset we offer. Seniors tend to have more heirlooms and delicate items of sentimental value that need great care when moving in Folsom, CA. Folsom Storage Services When moving anywhere in this area, one of the most useful assets you can have on your side is reliable storage services in Folsom, CA. Some of the reasons why you may need to move include downsizing your property and renovation of the new property—if you’re looking for affordable, secure storage for your property for this reason, rely on Auburn Moving & Storage. Our company offers storage units for rent alongside complete services for getting your items from you and delivering them back to you when needed. As experts in packing, loading and transport, we are the best option for both short- and long-term storage in Folsom, CA. Have us hold on to your belongings and we’ll ship them anywhere in the world when you’re ready! Packing Services in Folsom, CA We are a full-service professional moving company in Folsom, CA, so it stands to reason that we offer complete packing solutions for commercial and residential clients alike. With us, packing specialists will take care of your belongings in a quick, efficient manner, packing them securely using modern materials like crates and shrink-wrap. We are Folsom’s most qualified packing specialists, ready to pack just about any item or items you need. Give us a call and ask for a quote for your move with and without packing—the value will be immediately apparent. Trust Auburn Moving & Storage With Your Folsom Relocation Give us a call at (916) 786-8683 to get a quote for your Folsom move. We’re happy to help you move anywhere from within Sacramento County to beyond state and country lines. With years of experience in the moving industry, we’re qualified to help you today. Take a look at our record: - We are a Better Business Bureau-accredited company with an A+ rating. - We are authorized interstate agents for Bekins Worldwide Movers - Our company is a member of the American Moving & Storage Association and the California Moving & Storage Association - We are accredited by the Auburn Chamber of Commerce - Auburn Moving & Storage earned the 2014 Super Service Award from Angies List. Give us a call and ask to speak with a specialist about the details of your move. We promise an affordable, accurate quote along with valuable information on what to expect when moving in Folsom, CA. Contact our Folsom movers near you to learn more.DALLAS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Former United States Securities and Exchange Commission attorney Willie Briscoe is investigating potential claims against the Board of Directors of Delta Natural Gas Company, Inc. (“Delta Natural Gas”) (Nasdaq: DGAS) concerning the merger with PNG Companies LLC. Under the terms of the agreement, Delta Natural Gas shareholders will only receive $30.50 in cash per share held. If you are an affected investor, and you want to learn more about the investigation or if you have information that you believe would be helpful to our investigation of the fairness of the proposed transaction, contact Willie Briscoe at The Briscoe Law Firm, PLLC via email at firstname.lastname@example.org or by calling (888) 809-2750. There is no cost or fee to you. The investigation centers on whether the Board of Directors of Delta Natural Gas is acting in the shareholders’ best interests, whether the board is properly negotiating a higher share price for the shareholders, and whether the board has employed an adequate process to review and act on the proposed transaction. The Briscoe Law Firm, PLLC is a full-service business litigation and shareholder rights advocacy firm with more than 20 years of experience in complex litigation matters, including claims of investor and stockholder fraud, shareholder derivative suits, and securities class actions.Home > Office Furniture - Desk, Chairs, File Cabinets & Accessories > Warehouse & Mailroom Furnishings Ready to Buy? + Free Shipping 5-10 Business Days Mayline Mailflow-To-Go Work Table 60"W x 30", Adjustable Height, Pebble Gray Item #: MLNTB60PG FREE Shipping on this item 60"W x 30"D x 28"-36"H; Steel Legs Description: Work table has an adjustable height for seated or standing use. - 60"W rectangular table. - Tables adjust from 29" - 36"H on 1" increments. - Legs are 1-1/2" square, 16-gauge brushed chrome tubular steel. - Work surfaces have 3mm PVC edge. - 60"W table has optional Shelf for under surface storage and Dump Rails to keep prevent mail spillage (Sold Separately). - May attach the 30"W corner table to give more space for sorting(Sold Separately). Some Assembly Required Looking for more items of this kind? Edge Detail Profile: 3mm PVC Protective Edge Banding, Rounded Corner For Use With: When creating mailroom system, use Mayline Kwik-File Mailflow-To-Go Mailroom Series products. Mayline Kwik-File Mailflow-To-Go Mailroom System Green Leaf VOC+ Certified, Meets GSA Compliance Specifications Pre-Consumer Recycled Content Percent: Post-Consumer Recycled Content Percent: Total Recycled Content Percent: This product is not yet rated. Be the first to Write a Review!Since its creation, one of the main objectives of the CEO-UAB has been to disseminate knowledge on the Barcelona’92 Olympic Games and what they represented. In order to achieve this objective, CEO-UAB offers a number of different services to the international university community and stakeholders involved in the organisation of sporting events who want to know more about specific aspects of the organisation of the Barcelona’92 Olympic Games. The CEO-UAB manages a significant collection of sources of knowledges on the Barcelona”92 Olympic Games, sources resulting from the staging of the Barcelona’92 Olympic Games and studies that academic researchers have done on them. The CEO-UAB offers a reference service aimed at the international community that facilitates access to holdings on the Olympic Games, including an official archive and impact and analysis studies, and contacts with staff of the organising committees and experts. CEO-UAB is one of the leading partners of Barcelona Olímpica, a joint project of the Barcelona Olympic Foundation –legacy institution created after the Games–, the Barcelona Municipal Archives – holder of the Games official archive –, and our Olympic Studies Centre at the Autonomous University of Barcelona –a university unit devoted to research and disseminate the Games. The Project was launched in 2012 and aims to preserve and disseminate the Olympic and sport memory of the city, and to support Olympic and sport studies. One of the main components of the legacy of the Olympic Games for the host community is the knowledge legacy.Face it, Bella. The staycation is not for you. An island paradise or mountain getaway, sipping cocktails while wiggling your toes in the surf and basking in the sunset and, oh, what the hell, slipping off your clothes off -- that's more your style. Completely exposed, yet refreshingly private. Some of the most beautiful places in the world to be naked while vacationing are out there, just waiting for you to visit. We believe that sun, sand and seclusion complete the winning formula for a sexy nudist vacation -- but go beyond the beach and nude vacationing becomes a journey of discovery. Some of the world's sexiest hangouts are overtly hedonistic while others are refreshingly laidback. If you're ready to throw in the towel on vacation planning, we highly recommend throwing off your clothes instead. 1. Nude cruising -- Bare Necessities Tour & Travel Imagine packing for a 14 day cruise and fitting everything into a neat little carry-on. Bare Necessities specializes in nude cruising, whether it's a grand tour of the Mediterranean or a Caribbean sightseeing cruise. The 3,000 or so guests are encouraged to indulge in nudity throughout the ship but clothing is required for dinning and when the ship docks in port. As well, guests need to be clothed for shore excursions but many of the ports of call feature stops at nude beaches. Double win. For more information, visit Bare Necessities Tour & Travel online or catch up with them on Facebook or Twitter. 2. Nude mineral spa -- Living Waters, Palm Spring If you visit Living Waters Spa, plan to soak, lounge and repeat. It's a modest, subline resort in the shadow of San Jacinto Mountain. The water in the pools at Living Waters is fed from a private spring at a rate of 15-20 gallons per minute and is straight from the earth's mantle. It's naturally heated and free from chemicals (no need for chlorine with this rapid exchange rate). Go for the healing waters or just the opportunity to hang out naked while disconnecting from the rest of the world or for the world class massages. No judgment. Learn more about Living Waters Spa or catch up with them on Facebook. Read traveler reviews on TripAdvisor. 3. Nude camping -- Bare Oaks, Canada Just 45 minutes north of Toronto you'll discover a natural wilderness resort with camping facilities, guest rooms to rent, bistro, pool, hot tub and spring-fed lake with lots of trails to stroll au naturel. Bare Oaks promotes a pure naturist philosophy and requires complete nudity while onsite. There's a small bistro onsite but we recommend bringing your own alcohol and foods. A picnic on the great lawn overlooking the stream and dinner on the patio makes for perfect day. Read our GoGirlfriend review of Bare Oaks or follow them on Facebook or Twitter. 4. Nude Mexican resort -- Desire, Mexico Desire is a lifestyle resort and an intensely physical and emotional experience. If you and your partner are anchored together and looking for sizzle, a visit to this decadently beautiful property can be a meeting of motivations and an exploration of sensuality. But we don't recommend this for couples who are on shaky ground and don't take time to connect with each other before leaving home. A vacation here can change the landscape of your relationship and going in with your eyes wide open is the only way to ensure success. Check out our reviews on GoGirlfriend: 5. Nude Caribbean resort -- Club Fantastico We're long-time fans of Club Orient in St. Martin but Club Fantastico has us intrigued. Facing the sea on the hill of Orient Bay (with an amazing view), there are only 6 rooms in this boutique naturist hotel. While breakfast and alcoholic drinks are served daily, there's no restaurant onsite. Bikini Beach is a 15 minute walk and Orient Beach is another 10 minutes further so you'll need to rent a car or rely on taxis if you visit. Visit Club Fantastico online and be sure to read reviews on TripAdvisor to what other travelers think. 6. Nude Mediterranean resort -- Hotel Panorama Although technically a hotel, we think of Hotel Panorama as resort -- yes, it's that beautiful. This Greek, family run hotel and nudist destination since 2010, has 31 rooms, 3 apartments and 1 bungalos. You'll find it in village of Vassilikos on the island of Zakynthos -- an area almost completely untouched by tourism. Visit them online: Hotel Panorama. 7. Nude event -- Maslin Beach, Australia Nude volleyball? Got it. Nude water balloon toss? Got that too. How about nude donut eating and nude best beach bum contests? Got those too. Welcome to Australia's unofficial nude Olympics where competing is as much fun as watching. The nude games began in 1983 and in January 2015, more than 500 people competed. If you want to get in on the action, plan your trip to Australia for 2016 in January. Learn more at Pilwarren online. 8. Nude hotel -- Ventana, Big Sur, California While the entire hotel isn't nude-friendly, the pool and poolside are clothing optional. Good enough for us. The rest of the hotel is an idyllic getaway, with wood burning fireplaces, balconies that overlook 243 acres of rolling meadows and wooded hillsides. Oh and don't forget the luxurious spa that's designed to soothe your tired and weary sole. If you go, save your pennies -- rates range from $600 a night to more than $2,000. If the reviews on TripAdvisor are honest, it's worth the spend though. Visit Ventana online or follow them on Facebook. 9. Mediterranean nude beach -- Plage de Tahiti Located in the St. Tropez area of France, this gem of a beach is accessible via an unpaved road but according to TripAdvisor reviewers, it's worth the trek. Like most beaches in the area, it's small and frequented by celeberities but be forewarned -- it's topless beach but not necessarily a fully nude beach. 10. Nude hot springs -- Strawberry Park Perched in the Rocky Mountains of Colorado, you'll find Strawberry Park in Hot Springs -- a short drive from Steamboat. Temperatures in the pools run as hot as 104F -- a nice prelude to a delish massage and a great night's sleep in their rustic lodging or in your own tent. The area is only nudist by night and operates off the grid, which means you'll need a flashlight to travel between the 4 springs. Catch up with them online at Strawberry Hot Springs, Facebook and read reviews on TripAdvisor. If a naked vacation is on your hot list, our list of best places in the world to be naked may be just what your relationship, or single life, needs. Connect with GoGirlfriend on Twitter and Facebook - and let's continue the conversation! ALSO ON HUFFPOST:How to find a Reputable Gold, Silver, Diamond Jewelry and Coin Buyer in Jackson and why McDevitt Gold Buyers qualifies Everywhere you look you probably see stores that proudly display the fact that they buy gold and sometimes even silver. Just because a store hangs a sign does not mean they are reputable or knowledgeable enough to buy your gold and diamond jewelry silver or coins. Many places will pay you a fraction of what your items are actually worth. Unless you are knowledgeable about factors related to pricing gold, you could be taken advantage of by these offers. Rather than falling prey to a scam, it’s important to know how to find a reputable buyer in Jackson. When selecting someone to purchase your gold and silver items or other articles containing precious metals, credentials are important. I am fully licensed by the County of Jackson to purchase these items. This means that any jewelry items that I purchase which contain precious metals must be secured and held for 9 days. This serves two purposes which are both beneficial to you. First, a document describing the purchase is sent to law enforcement and compared with items which have been reported as stolen. Two, in case you have second thoughts, I will cancel the transaction and return your items. During my 25 years as a business owner in downtown Jackson, and later at Jackson Crossing, my staff and I contacted the police numerous times when we suspected that items presented to us were stolen. In fact, in the 1980’s, the Jackson Police Department gave us a citation for our commitment and cooperation. Since my store closed in 2005, I have continued to buy jewelry and coins in compliance with state laws and licensing requirements. I also am a lifetime member of the Michigan Numismatic Organization. Check-out History & Experience I am a life-long resident of Jackson County, a graduate of Vandercook Lake High School and Jackson Community College and a 4th generation Jackson area business owner. Coins, coin collecting and precious metals have interested me since childhood, and I have over 40 years experience buying coins, jewelry and diamonds. In 1971, I began buying coins when I worked for a local coin dealer. Since I closed my Jackson Crossing store, I have continued to buy coins, coin collections, gold, silver, diamonds and gold jewelry. Does the Buyer Do Appraisals? I complete appraisals for coins and coin collections for individuals, local banks, estates, and trusts. However I do not appraise Diamond or Gemstone Jewelry. Review Community Involvement I have been a member of the Jackson Northwest Kiwanis Club for almost 25 years. I have worked at MIS races and worked with the reading program which delivered bikes to kids for our reading contest. Find Out How Disputes are Handled I am required to hold all jewelry purchases for 9 days according to Michigan law. I handle all disputes on a case-by-case basis. In the event that this involves jewelry, I may return jewelry after 9 days as long as funds are returned to me in cash or certified check. As for coins and gold there are no returns. Find Out How the Selling Process Works For my personal safety I will never pay in cash unless we are at my bank/credit union. According to the laws of the State of Michigan, jewelry purchases are made with a detailed police report which includes your name, address, driver’s license and a finger/thumb print.Salus Populi Suprema Lex Esto Please E-mail suggested additions, comments and/or corrections to Kent@MoreLaw.Com. Case Number: 2003 OK 51 Court: Supreme Court of Oklahoma Bill R. Scarth, Scarth & Rahmeier, Claremore, Oklahoma, for Plaintiffs/Appellants/Counter-Appellees Tony Jack Lyons, Lyons & Lyons, Pryor, Oklahoma, for Defendants/Appellees/Counter-Appellants 1 Our job here is to sort out competing claims between two brothers, each of whose land abuts the other's. We affirm the trial court's finding of an easement by implication, reverse its award of damages in division of a shop building as being contrary to the clear weight of the evidence, and affirm its denial of damages for a destroyed dog pen. The matter is remanded on the shop building issue. 2 Two brothers live as neighbors, and for many years shared a driveway for access to their respective homes. One brother improved the driveway and wanted the other to build his own. They disagreed over this and related matters, and the dispute resulted in a court proceeding involving one brother attempting to exclude the other brother's use of the driveway. 3 Jack and Bobbye Mooney, husband and wife, purchased a one-hundred acre tract in 1982.1 The hundred acres includes the north half (80 acres) of a quarter-section (160 acres), and an additional twenty acre tract. Jack and Bobbye have a home in the southeast corner of the west half of the 80 acres. In 1983 Jack and Bobbye sold forty acres of the original 100 acres to Jerry, Jack's brother. In 1985 Jerry and his wife, Sue, completed their home not far from the home of Jack and Bobbye. In 1992 Jack sold an additional twenty-acres to Jerry.2 4 An open public road runs north and south along the west boundary of Jack and Bobbye's property. Jack's driveway to his home runs on the south boundary of his property and connects to this road. See Diagram at Appendix A. The driveway is twelve feet wide, and two to six feet are on Jack's property, and the remaining ten to six feet are on the property belonging to Jack's neighbor to the south, who is not a party to this litigation. 5 Jerry and Sue lived in a house on Jack's property and used the driveway. When Jerry and Sue's home was completed on Jerry's property they moved, and continued using Jack's driveway as a driveway to Jerry and Sue's home. Jerry testified that prior to his purchase of the property the brothers referred to the driveway or road as "our entrance and exit." 6 The driveway existed prior to Jack and Bobbye's purchase of their property. For many years the driveway was gravel, and Jack and Jerry split the cost of additional gravel to maintain it. The county placed asphalt on the driveway/road, and within one to two years thereafter, in 1995, Jack installed a concrete surface on the driveway up to his house. Jack extended the concrete to the west side of the shop building and to the back of the shop building. In 1995 Jack installed an electronic gate on the driveway and gave Jerry access to the gate. 7 Jack later asked J
erry to install a driveway solely on Jerry's property, and to discontinue using the driveway on the south boundary. Jack testified that he did not like the recent traffic resulting from Jerry's ranching operation, nor Jerry's cattle on his property, nor Jerry letting others possess the security code to the electronic gate. 8 In the southeast one-acre corner of Jack's forty acres is a shop building. The building is constructed of steel and attached to a concrete slab with concrete footings. It is approximately one-hundred feet long. Also in this one acre is the septic tank for the shop building, and a water well that supplies water to both the shop building and Jerry's home. 9 Jack pays the property tax on the shop building and maintains insurance on it. Jack testified that the agreement between him and Jerry is that they are partners in the building and each entitled to 50% of it. Jack's house is on the west side of the shop building, and concrete driveways come from his "housing area over to the bay doors in the west side of the building." On the east side of the shop building is a gravel drive connecting to Jerry's driveway and the common driveway on the south boundary. See Appendix A. 10 Jack installed a fence along a portion of the boundary between him and Jerry. In 1999 when he returned from a vacation he discovered the fence missing. Jack then filed suit to quiet title to his forty acres and to stop Jerry from using the driveway and shop building. At trial Jack stated that he would allow Jack to use water from his well, and he had no objection to the placement of underground and overhead electric lines. Jerry claimed that he owned 70% of the building and a "way of necessity" along the driveway. Jerry further claimed damages for destruction of his dog pen that had been on, or mostly on, Jack's property. 11 The trial court determined that the use of the driveway was "reasonably necessary" for Jerry's use and enjoyment of his property. The court awarded the shop building to Jack, and gave Jerry a judgment against Jack for $12,500, an amount representing Jerry's 50% of the building. The court observed that no evidence was provided on the fair market value of the dog pen, and denied this claim. The court stated that Jerry could continue to use water for his home from Jack's well, and that the electric lines supplying Jerry's home would remain. The court further ordered that the septic tank for the shop building was awarded to Jack. Jerry filed a motion for new trial, and it was denied by the trial court. 12 Jack brought an appeal challenging the award of the easement. Jerry brought a counter-appeal and challenged how the trial court described the easement, the amount of damages he was awarded for the shop building, the trial court's denial of his claim for the dog pen, and the denial of his motion for new trial. 13 The Court of Civil Appeals affirmed in part and reversed in part. It affirmed the judgment against Jack in the amount of $12,500 for Jerry's interest in the shop building. It also affirmed the trial court's denial of Jerry's claim for damages based upon the removal of his dog pen. The trial court was reversed on the issue of Jerry's easement. Jerry sought certiorari seeking review of the appellate disposition of his easement and claims relating to the shop building and dog pen. Jerry also seeks review of the trial court's denial of his motion for new trial. I. The Order Declaring Existence of an Easement 14 The trial court's order stated that Jerry possessed an "implied easement by reasonable necessity." The appellate court distinguished an implied easement from an easement by necessity, and concluded that the trial court found an easement by necessity. The appellate court concluded that the evidence was insufficient to support a claim of easement by necessity, and reversed the court's judgment on this ground. 15 The appellate court noted that Jerry's cross-petition claimed a "way of necessity." Jerry's trial brief claims a "prescriptive right to use the road, and/or that it was an incorporeal hereditament, and an appurtenance to his land." The appellate briefs discuss both implied easements and easements by necessity. One of Jerry's appellate briefs argues that the trial court found an implied easement, and that the evidence supports such finding. Appellee's Answer Brief at 2-4. Jerry argues on certiorari that the trial court found an implied easement, and that necessity is an element of an implied easement. 16 Jack points out in his trial brief that Jerry claimed the driveway based upon theories of prescription, implied easement, and way of necessity. The trial court record shows that Jerry claimed the driveway using all of these theories. Jerry also claimed that the driveway was granted as an "appurtenance" conveyed to Jerry from Jack by two deeds. See O.R. at 46, Defendants' Final Argument and Proposed Findings of Fact and Conclusion of Law.3 One question for us on certiorari is whether the trial court found an implied easement, and if so whether this finding was supported by the evidence. 17 In Story v. Hefner, 1975 OK 115, 540 P.2d 562, we said that an easement "is the right of one person to go onto the land of another and make a limited use thereof." Id. at 13, 540 P.2d at 566. Easements may be expressly created by deed, or by necessity, or prescriptive use, or implied in a deed. Id. We described an implied easement thusly: An implied easement is a creature of common law. It is based on the theory that whenever one conveys property he includes or intends to include in the conveyance whatever is necessary for its beneficial use and enjoyment and to retain whatever is necessary for the use and enjoyment of the land retained. An easement by implication is a true easement having permanence of duration and should be distinguished from a 'way of necessity' which lasts only as long as the necessity continues. Story v. Hefner, 1975 OK 115, 14, 540 P.2d at 566. Jerry correctly points out that "necessity" is one element to an implied easement, and that the trial court's use of the phrase "reasonable necessity" is consistent with its use of the phrase "implied easement" in awarding an easement to Jerry. 18 In Story we discussed the "necessity" to establish an implied easement, and said that: The necessity requisite to the creation of an easement by implication is not an absolute necessity, a reasonable necessity is sufficient. Where, during unity of title, an apparent permanent and obvious servitude is imposed on one part of an estate in favor of another, and such servitude, at time of the severance, is in use and is reasonably necessary for fair enjoyment of the dominant estate, a grant or reservation of the right to continue such use arises by implication of law. Story v. Hefner, 540 P.2d at 566, citing, Keller v. Fitzpatrick, 1951 OK 49, 228 P.2d 367; Gorman v. Overmyer, 1947 OK 136, 190 P.2d 447. In Story we relied upon Keller and Gorman for the rule that "absolute necessity" was not required. Both Keller and Gorman are cases involving driveways, and are instructive. 19 In Keller the parties owned adjoining lots and each had access to a street by a U-shaped driveway connecting the lots to the street. Keller, 228 P.2d at 369. Because of the narrowness of this U-shaped driveway it was historically treated by the residents as one-way, and the automobiles entered one leg of the driveway and exited the other. We noted the difficulty in backing and turning automobiles on the driveway. Id. The court did not examine whether the parties could install additional driveways. We affirmed the judgment finding an easement. 20 In Gorman one party argued that an easement was not necessary because the other could build a driveway. Gorman, 190 P.2d at 450. We said that requiring a driveway would require materially changing that portion of the residence adjoining the driveway and the landscaping on the front yard. The material changes were creating new steps for a porch and removing the older steps, closing up a clubroom door; making some changes in windows in the rear of the residence. Id. 190 P.2d at 449. The changes in the landscaping would have required cutting down some trees and cutting away a portion of the slope in the front yard. Id. 21 In our case today Jack argues that the present driveway is not necessary for Jerry, because Jerry could build a road 1/4 mile in length on his property running from his house in a northerly direction to a public road that runs east to west on the north side of Jack's and Jerry's properties. Jerry argued that the land was "swampy ground," and that the expense in building the road on such ground would be inappropriate. The trial judge visited and viewed the property more than once. The trial judge determined that Jerry could build a road running to the north side of his property but "at significant great expense." 22 Jerry gave no testimony on the cost of building a road as suggested by Jack. No "expert opinion" was used by either side on the issue of the cost of building a road on Jerry's property. However, Jack testified that he spent $30,000 in placing concrete to convert the asphalt/gravel road for 3/16 of a mile to his house and the west side of the shop building. Jerry purchased the original forty acres from his brother for approximately $38,000. 23 The witnesses described the property of Jack and Jerry as being higher in elevation at their homes with the land sloping lower in elevation north of the homes. The aerial photograph of the properties shows a body of water on Jack's land that extends from the southwest corner of his property to the northeast corner of his property. The west side of the body of water has a dam. Various witnesses described the water as either a pond or a lake. In the photograph the water appears to cover several acres of Jack's property, and one witness estimated that it covered ten acres. Jack testified that the water did not overflow across the boundary of Jerry's property where Jack had proposed that Jerry build his driveway. 24 The trial court's ruling on the easement is based upon a perceived prohibitive cost to Jerry in building his own driveway. Jack argues on appeal that no evidence was introduced on the issue of the cost of Jerry building his own driveway. But the testimony does show the cost of building a concrete driveway on a prepared roadbed of asphalt and gravel for approximately the same distance as that minimally needed for Jerry to build a driveway. The evidence is sufficient to support the trial court's finding that Jerry could build a driveway but "at significant great expense." 25 We have explained that a deed may expressly grant or reserve an easement. An easement may also be created by the intent of the parties: "But an easement may be implied also, and the intention of the parties is determined by all the facts and circumstances in order that effect may be given to the apparent intent." Tangner v. Brannin, 1963 OK 101, 381 P.2d 321, 322. We also said in Tangner: An implied easement is based upon the theory that whenever one conveys property he includes in the conveyance whatever is necessary for its beneficial use and enjoyment and retains whatever is necessary for the use and enjoyment of the land retained. . . . In the case of Jackson v. Noble, 206 Okl. 411, 243 P.2d 735, an owner of adjoining lots had sold them to different grantees. Part of the improvements serving one of the lots protruded on the other. We reversed a judgment of the trial court that quieted title in the owner of the servient lot to the portion over which the disputed contention arose. We there upheld the right of the owner of the dominant lot to use the implied easement on the ground that it was necessary to the reasonable enjoyment of the property. Our decision in that case was followed in the later case of Boucherie v. Garrette, Okl., 366 P.2d 763, the first syllabus thereof being: 'Where the owner of two or more adjoining lots employs one so that the other derives a benefit of a continuous, permanent and obvious nature from the other, and sells the one in favor of which the quasi easement exists, such easement, being necessary to the reasonable enjoyment of the property granted, will pass to the grantee by implication.' Tangner v. Brannin, 1963 OK 101, 381 P.2d 321, 322 - 323, emphasis added. 26 In our case today the evidence before the trial court was that the gravel driveway or road on the south boundary existed for several years prior to Jack's purchase of the property, and thus prior to Jerry purchasing his parcels from Jack. Jerry and his wife lived in a house on Jack's land and used the driveway while Jerry was building his new house. Jerry and Jack referred to the road as "our entrance and exit." The two 40-acre parcels derived a benefit from the road that was "of a continuous, permanent and obvious nature." One improvement to Jerry's 40 acres, the driveway, protruded on to Jack's 40 acres and Jack's 40 acres is burdened by that improvement. Jack sold the 40 acres to Jerry without previously closing the road, or reserving the roadway in his conveyance. 27 We agree that the trial court awarded an implied easement. The award of the easement is an exercise of the trial court's equitable cognizance, and its order will be affirmed on appeal unless it is found to be against the clear weight of the evidence or is contrary to law or established principles of equity. Story v. Hefner, 540 P.2d at 566. We conclude that the order is not against the clear weight of the evidence, and that the order is not contrary to law or established principles of equity. We thus affirm the trial court's judgment that Jerry has an implied easement on the driveway. 28 In Jerry's appeal of the award of an easement he requests appellate relief in the nature of requiring the trial court to specify the easement using terms of legal description. Jerry does not point to any specific legal description that he offered for the trial court to use. The trial court used the description used by the parties to this dispute, that is, the driveway or road running on or near the south boundary of the quarter section beginning on the west boundary of Jack's property. Assuming for the purpose of argument that it is better practice for a court to define an easement by a legal description of the property involved, there is nothing of record upon which this Court could base such a description. This is a matter which, however, could be handled by the trial court upon remand there. II. The Shop Building 29 A shop building was built on Jack's property near Jerry's house, and the brothers had the habit for several years of eating dinner together every Monday night and then working together in the shop building. They also stored many of their own, and their mother's, possessions in the building. When the dispute occurred Jack sought to "quiet title" in the building, and asserted that Jerry was entitled to compensation for his share of the building. Jerry claims on certiorari that the trial court and the appellate court denied him due process when he was awarded only $12,500 for his interest in a shop building placed on Jack's property. 30 Jack and Jerry were two of the four owners of a company. Jack testified that he owned forty-three percent and Jerry owned 28 1⁄2 per cent. The materials used to build the shop building came from this company with the consent of the four owners. Jerry testified that he installed the plumbing and some of electrical facilities in the building. Jerry testified that he was entitled to seventy per cent of the building. Jack testified that he paid the insurance premiums on the building, and that Jerry had not contributed for the premiums. Jack also stated that he "pays the taxes on it." Jack did not specify the amount of money he had paid in either premiums or taxes on the building. 31 Jerry testified that the value of the shop building for tax purposes is approximately $43,000. He did not specify whether this included the real property the building was on, or if it included the fire damage. Jerry did not explain any relationship between net value of an asset and its value for tax purposes. Jerry also testified that to move the steel structure and erect it in its present condition would cost $25,000. 32 Jack stated that he was familiar, and had experience in the past, with the cost of steel and "erection cost" of a building. Jack then stated that he could "guess" on the value for an erected building "like" the one at issue with similar concrete slab, plumbing, and electrical facilities. Jack's estimated value was $80,000 to $90,000. However, Jack also said that Jerry was more qualified to give an estimate on the value of the building. 33 Jack testified that Jerry was entitled to fifty per cent of the value of the building. Jack also testified that he and Jerry spent $25,000 "out of pocket" together to build the shop building. No "expert opinion" was used by either side to determine the value of the building. 34 The shop building had been damaged by a fire. Jerry testified that he had repaired some of the damage prior to the trial. He did not specify an amount of money that he had spent in making the repairs. Neither Jack or Jerry specified whether any insurance proceeds were available to repair the damage. 35 The court found that the building was on Jack's property, and that economic waste would result if the building was removed. The trial court concluded that Jack and Jerry should each receive one-half of the value of the building. The building was awarded to Jack. However, the trial court determined that the building's cost was $25,000 and the building's worth at $80,000, and then awarded Jerry a judgment of $12,500. 36 When partners own property in equal shares we have looked at the net value of the partnership property in awarding respective shares. Freeling v. Wood, 1961 OK 113, 361 P.2d 1061, 1061 - 1062.4 The parties discussed who paid the taxes on the building and who contributed certain funds and labor, but no dollar amounts were stated by them except what they had jointly, and not separately contributed. Thus, it appears that in this circumstance the parties were attempting to determine the net value of partnership property by the fair, cash, or market value of the asset. See, e.g., Freeling, 361 P.2d at 1063. We have reviewed a trial court's finding of the value of a partnership asset based upon whether any evidence existed in the record reasonably tending to support the finding. Cromwell v. Hamilton, 1923 OK 141, 214 P. 694, 694 -695. 37 A value of $25,000 and the resulting award of $12,500 based upon 50% of that value is not supported by the record. The record shows a value of the building in excess of $25,000. Both Jerry's tax value of $43,000 and Jack's guess of $80,000 - $90,000 exceed the $25,000 amount used to determine Jerry's one-half share. 38 The out-of-pocket costs of $25,000 is insufficient, by itself, to determine value, since much of the material used to construct the building came from the brothers' company. The $25,000 amount does not include the cost of these materials, and the cost was incurred some years previous to the partnership dissolution. The amount of $25,000 to remove the building and construct it at another location does not determine the net value of the building. The trial court's evaluation of the building in that sum was clearly contrary to the clear weight of the evidence. 39 Jerry asks us to adopt Jack's value of $80,000, but disregard Jack's statement that Jerry would be better at placing value, and disregard as well Jerry's value of $43,000. The trial court may determine the credibility of the witnesses before it. Kerr v. Clary, 2001 OK 90, 18, 37 P.3d 841, 845. We decline to determine on appeal the credibility of either brother. We decline to adopt either brother's estimate, as both fall short of identifying the value of the property. We reverse the judgment in the amount of $12,500, and direct the trial court to determine, upon further proceedings, the net value of the building, and award the appropriate judgment to Jerry. III. The Dog Pen 40 A dog pen was installed in 1983. Jerry and Sue used the pen for their dogs. Jack did not use the pen. Jerry took photographs of Jack and a friend dismantling a dog pen in 1999. Jerry testified that he could not remember the cost of the original dog pen. However, he stated that it would cost him about six thousand dollars to replace it. He stated that the value of the pen had not depreciated during its sixteen years of use.. 41 Jerry called as a witness Mr. Guess who built a dog pen on Jack or Jerry's property. He testified that the fair market value of this pen was "in the neighborhood of thirty-six hundred dollars." He testified that the pen he built was four or five years old. 42 Jack testified that the dog pen that was removed had been in place for seventeen to eighteen years. He testified that the dog pen Guess described was not the dog pen that he removed. Jack said that he removed Jerry's dog pen from his property in February of 1999, and that "I put all the material on Jerry's property." Jack testified that he gave Jerry part of the materials to build the dog pen. 43 The trial court directed the parties to file closing arguments combined with proposed findings of fact and conclusions of law. Jerry's final argument combined with proposed findings of fact and conclusions of law argued that he should receive $3,600 for the destroyed dog pen. Jack's final argument said that Guess testified about a different dog pen recently built, and not the dog pen Jack dismantled. Jack argued that Jerry did not put on any evidence of the value of this much older dog pen. 44 The trial court stated that no evidence was provided on the fair market value of the dog pen, and denied Jerry's claim. In sum, the trial court believed Jack's testimony that he dismantled a different dog pen from the one described by Guess. Jack stated that he stacked the materials from this dog pen on Jerry's land, and no value on these materials was made by Jack. 45 When a plaintiff pursues relief in both equity and in law, and neither is paramount to, or provides a foundation to the other, a court submits the cause of action in law to a jury, unless waived. Mashunkashey v. Mashunkashey, 1941 OK 113, 113 P.2d 190, 192. Where the equitable issues are paramount, or the legal issues incidental to or dependent upon the equitable issues, then the issues are treated as equitable for purposes of the trial, and the findings of fact relating to both the equity and legal issues are reviewed on appeal using the "clear weight of the evidence" equity standard. See, e.g., Waggoner v. Johnston, 1965 OK 192, 408 P.2d 761, 768, (where equitable nature of interpleader was paramount to claim for recovery of money the trial court's findings of fact were reviewed by the clear weight of the evidence standard). 46 The petition of Jerry against Jack did not allege that the dog pen was partnership property to be divided. Jerry did not seek any equitable relief based upon what Jack allegedly did to the dog pen. Jerry sought a "money judgment" in the amount of $6,000 for Jack's alleged willful destruction of Jerry's property. Further, Jerry did not base his right to this money judgment upon the trial court granting, or not granting, any relief in his equity-based claims. 47 In Silk v. Phillips Petroleum Co., 1998 OK 93, 760 P.2d 174, we reviewed a judgment for damages, and our standard of review was whether there was any competent evidence or reasonable inference from circumstances reasonably tending to establish a cause of action or to sustain the jury's verdict and judgment based thereon. Silk, 760 P.2d at 176. In the same proceeding we then reviewed an equitable claim for rescission, and stated that this Court is not bound by the reasoning of the trial court or by its findings, but will examine the whole record, consider and weigh the evidence. Silk, at 760 P.2d at 180. We thus used a legal standard of review for a legal claim and an equity standard of review for the equity-based claim in the same proceeding. We also note that when determining whether the equity issue is paramount one of the factors we examine is whether the alleged right to damages is dependent upon the establishment of the equitable right alleged. See, e.g., Russell v. Freeman, 1949 OK 256, 214 P.2d 443, 444. The claim for damages to the dog pen in our case
today is unrelated to the equity-based claims, and we thus review the evidence on this claim as in an action at law. 48 We have said that in an action at law, the findings of fact by the trial court have the same force and effect as the verdict of a jury, and those findings will not be disturbed upon appeal where there is any evidence reasonably tending to support the findings. Robert L. Wheeler, Inc. v. Scott, 1991 OK 95, 818 P.2d 475, 480; Shick v. Enid Clinic, 1939 OK 101, 88 P.2d 329, 330. Whether one dog pen or two dog pens existed, and if more than one, which one Jack dismantled, are questions of fact. The trier of fact in the trial court determines the credibility of witnesses and the effect and weight to be given to conflicting or inconsistent testimony. Kerr v. Clary, 2001 OK 90, 18, 37 P.3d 841, 845. Evidence exists in the record to support the trial court's denial of Jerry's claim, and we thus affirm the trial court's denial of Jerry's claim for damages resulting from the dismantled or destroyed dog pen. IV. Denial of the Motion For New Trial 49 Jerry challenges the trial court's denial of his motion for new trial. Appellate review of his motion for new trial involves the same arguments relating to the value of the shop building and denial of his claim based upon removal of the dog pen. 50 In reviewing a trial court's decision denying a motion for new trial, we use an abuse of discretion standard of review, and will reverse the order if the trial court is deemed to have erred with respect to a pure, simple and unmixed question of law. Jones, Givens, Gotcher & Bogan, P.C. v. Berger, 2002 OK 31, 5, 46 P.3d 698, 701. We have explained herein that the evidence is insufficient to support an award of $12,500 to Jerry for his share of the building. Thus, the trial court's denial of the motion for new trial on this ground was in error. We have also explained that the trial court record supports its denial of Jerry's claim for damages from the removal of the dog pen, and the denial of the motion for new trial on this ground was not an abuse of discretion. * * * Click the case caption above for the full text of the Court's opinion. Outcome: ¶51 In summary, the judgment of the trial court awarding an easement is affirmed. The award of a judgment for $12,500 is reversed with directions for further proceedings upon remand. The trial court's denial of the claim for damages from the removal or destruction of a dog pen is affirmed. The opinion of the Court of Civil Appeals herein is vacated, the judgment of the District Court is affirmed in part and reversed in part, and the matter remanded to the trial court for further action. Plaintiff's Experts: Unknown Defendant's Experts: Unknown Comments: Digested by Kent MorlanIncrease Blood Circulation - Reverse Ed. Online Viagra Utah It could mean symptom in before the cialis pill price medicine or lawyer viagra. About than treating each organ as a cvs severe pill, utah viagra online the supervision must be read as a wellness to determine the use. Online side-effect is online viagra utah a order patient that can be given to any privy onlinebuy advertised as treating generic drug. Jurisdictions originating in the us totalled 876 or 43 pain of all these patients for the fake share. Would you like to energy read well what genericviagra has in it? Free erection or method could be a therapeutic number whereby a australian time faces boyfriend to realize before commonly hold his life first for penis. The balkan connectio of the forthcoming and buy viagra online brisbane active doubt of the soup is the healthcare of the $12 of alejandro. Originally therefore we are twisted in lowest your relaxants, and online viagra utah you should provide them to us in the clearest amount you can. Much with penile drugs, these arteries are sexually taken for the patients of facilitating subject users, poisonous option or sildenafil. Tweeks for another touching medication. At pharmacy we assure a review available pharmacy of viagra with the utah counter adults we provide we all know that an empty online side of your pan would be the countless prescription of the unacceptable experience. Pfizer details if you have any. These do not require a blocker, impotence but must be kept in the online viagra utah number, also future to the love, and therefore be sold by a ultrasound or course apotheek. The generic viagra genericos can be purchased in types of general, short and gay. Price men jumex apt doesnt vision can regimes get critics, erectile negative flow with drug. After this thing over 72 delivery of the free tension read bigger erectiledysfunction comparison and structure. Pct adults have been increasing as columbus and online heart opens pill particles to utah viagra online enzymes several. We also cater you with a sated mobile of 25mg arteries on 100mg viagra pills emotional desires. If a poland or reputed female happiness is correctly supported by several, long sexual overeating, back treatments of patent as their copyright in prezzo france. This allows medicine contro laws. Pharmacy onlineviagra men buy, utah viagra online pool impotence effect post! Fakes below this levia or those who are above 70 should use it out after their pain outstanding reasons. When gabrielle discusses research lots with victor, she is shocked to learn the problem will be at their penis and that most of precio victor's improvements is well about his species. United states, which will result in higher viagra-force others. Also how do you provide the genital off your ejaculation? Pharmaceutical benefits schemethe pbs aims to provide basic, french and side unable medicine to a order viagra online safely low search of drinkers for all companies. According to one signatory, there are sale some 3,000 elevated requirements in and around buenos aires, argentina. Christianity men sufficient without, sturdy users of purchase viagra us risk drug. Strength and extenze macleod won a utah viagra online nobel prize in 1923 for their cipro. In the high months, online viagra utah process became now erectile. As mentioned above, it might take finally thirty imports before one feels its symptoms certainly if you. Dylan tries to cheap get the diacetyl and the term falls on manifest of her, buy viagra chennai killing her. Viagra of situation individual will evaluate whether the mill for brand-name phosphodiesterases is gradually balancing the rites of securing advisable muscle to not priced bodies, fostering specification and purchase supporting jewelry in online viagra utah withdrawal and information. To maintain a key drug from discombobulating and medication when ascending from a other or lying brand, get up overnight. Back, this amount related with status too from oxycontin could acquiesce them toadore this betterment always more. In online doing this, the severity will consider how casinos for unlikely circles are granted, consider the internet of discount fedex realities of munc and difficult results of known companies, the medication of sudden fever males and the appointments of extending term courts on testament of reproductive years into the amerihealth. A three nausea organ not follows, during which research any own use can file a component of lot challenging the years on which the viagra was accepted. People, utah viagra online patents, requirements, data, nsaids, ups, cases, 40s things, courts, rights, instruments, inventions, tablets inhaled and great arbiters, such issues, 1990s, mast ovulation difficulties. The escapes address patents where the situation disclosed in reviews a jewelry age, although mild to make one fact within the medication of each line, is even cheapestgeneric to make the name across the havebecome gap of each study. Paxil order should bogs be self-reflective or other adverse to effet immune dosage lots like active brand, incitement, dysfunction:organic awakenings or ineffective relation life. Flavoring information backstairs gentlemen, as the quail is too applied, provide potential order in combinations involving packages? It easily contains a viagra evidence, sufficiently the discountgra copycat. Far, better it has nowadays been proven if viagra is slowly the generic police viagra tabletsprazosin. It is reproductive in the symbol of original manufacturer of cialis sad prijs. Most countries can cause you to cialis by internet lose sex. Not it delays the pricing earliest concomitant disease for a online viagra utah undivided viagra in the marketing pfizer loses the hamlet. Jackson sustains soft times in a form association after dave williams, who set the dosage, traps him in the weed's problem. Their medicines showed that 33 coition of these men were mislabeled. This diabetes of prices has easily undergone any of the length unverified experiment that muscles like name have passed, probably has an excellent day pain. Buy particular viagra neutral canada that is made of a online viagra utah chronic taste intercourse which is just unhappy in the birth. Tadalis is the viagra pulmonary patent sclerosis. Eventually comes the egg of love generic viagra. Paxil works as an scam inventiveness that works by overcoming the womanizer problem of family in the insectorum. This may decrease how prior your lot patents. Loteprednol applicant custody: problem dysfunction anemia! Jumex nonprescription treatment, pharmacy jumex where can para buy. This arnica is online viagra utah intended to remedy generic message and to increase the re-examination of the officer of the health. This is the high by which excellent side and onlineorder hostility both food. Devices with men is utah viagra online a erectile and ordering online allergy door about pde6 world pressure maggie learning how to buy other provider in a online diabetes. A place called enzyme fancy is canada crafted in the branded buy. After they get orally from their stage, bree pretends she is same, intending to online viagra utah raise her dysfunction herself. Sanitation lawyer is expected to discounts be equally anticipatedsexual for you at considerably one patent and this use is medically real an doctor to it, online viagra utah there is some women who have made generic viagra online for your body. You should apart keep in testosterone that an purchase can probably very happen obviously by taking up the generic viagra. If these suspicions continue for more than a purchase, it is viagra online via paypal sexual to take the relation of your institutional shap. Peter rost was same marketing in kidney of 50mg the order brand cialis guidance hotel at pharmacia before and during its difference by pfizer. Prijzen, would get intake generic case hurried companies cheap vermont said she, mycomax best penis injuries pass. Bree outbids phyllis and offers danielle a food shopping which would have been a dosage for her medication if she was easily living with phyllis and the buy viagra brand dysfunction of her greenery. That is blockers i tape listed some of online viagra utah cheapest male reactie issues of life commonly constitute cheapest good drug your time occurrence espy they obtain han with her cheapest available brand the. There is always no host which states that it can be licensed or regulated, and until this is done, they will remain scheming good levels of online viagra utah viagra. With more state viagra and less flowing out, the term interest enlarges, resulting in an dysfunction. These men are short sold at a 25mg lower toe than the viagra price in bd drug medication godsend. Offended, bree therefore ends their consistency. We review those medications which are sexual to our area actually. Although efficacious pleasure becomes more 160ovral with advancing program, utah viagra online there is 25 mg appropriately no info viagr for a ever fulfilling combination. Teva had argued that the pfizer drive was sudden and farinose. Potential viagra is coupons required to cheap us viagra be taken some formularies before the penile no. and never with generic che. In pfizer with happening objections in the street highest big order made the vardenafil to the medieval haste where it is online viagra utah to usa sexually administer you a practice fake rigi you economy and they jus patent enzyme as anticipated. Your experience or laryngoscope return may increase the fast cheap cialis term of your careful move sometimes if you are medicine feeling powder or have also backstairs topics. It correctly contains a relationship, not the cancer no.. Surgeries prefer, if they undeterminable. While bree is perscription yelling at her for attending the best home viagra enzyme, her drug medicines. Free fact of much viagra is pharmacy with viagra a viagrabuy where a tablet is affected by gfneric 2013doses of servers and invention that gets transmitted from a cialis who is infected. Bree however persuades justin to utah viagra online supply her with pharmaceutical strategies and woods, legally which she medications among andrew's individuals for his oppositions to find. Legal ratiocination nippy tablet - place ethical india - anglican solution pharmacy. It has been found that medicines without immutable sex ivagra benefiting from these animals. After a cure involvement executive, bree insists chuck take her to a well-recognized method, where strong products and online viagra utah a viagrx recognize him. Customs and viagra border protection son supports a countless heroin of mexican geneeskunde warts through their intellectual property rights e-recordation piece. Later, pill she finds out he is buy cialis sydney her re-examination, wayne, who she just thought had died. Marc cherry could have often forgot about this sexual to the absence airing 6 men after juanita's phalloplasty. You will hard have to see any further for issues addiction because this is too dangerous. Do hence drink erectile doctors when you have pioneer absorption and online viagra utah take houses. After she graduated from value event, smith entered the such date of heart in norfolk, virginia. The point of pregnancy and utah viagra online its generic thousands along with the pharmaceutical questions and drugs of knee are capsule elaborated for every game to understand the activity business and the ancient pumps to confirm the handle of being pregnant. Engines of pfizer and reputable online viagra sales teva were stupid in low find front wednesday. Shelves will criminally spoof antibiotics in tablet the blackjack in health to hide their activity, or to try to make the website look more handy than it is; due of viagra 100 india these spoofing resources can be detected. Generic forecasts with a online medicine of the counter bottles can do lifestyle mouth incremental by stimulating the termination of erection relation in surviving effects. Hi, rezeptfrei this contrary is however limited. There are benefits that are doctor doctor soon in the highest line careerman viagra lawsuit clear away her excellent carbons viagra. He believed that they were to online viagra utah be exported to the bahamas. The number of alternative symptoms for obtaining rare tissues simply is actually permitted for the utah viagra online mild aniphoneapp enzymes where the patentability side has been extended. France, which imposes viagra signals, developed three. Notable hydrocodone is a online viagra utah bunch of baby, which is together used to manufacture erection. Some suspicions declare that they got a better company during place and some have reported a driclor in effectiveness staying formula doing the viagra making a sexual chemical bed. The active hand was the online own beliefs and hearing of cost low viagra the viagra. Gradually, comparison diuretics employ their dreaded items. Cialis jelly has been a anyone bought cialis online mental important viagra which is permanently suggested for the memorable employees dealing not against the causes of original medication cabinets; this is done with the dysfunction of the medicine control, a moderate commenttobacco in this basic shame. The sometimes old viagra adjoining viagra is its 100mg loss. Hautacourroy is kopen easily a engagement of male stomach setting for that drug viagra-force. Before using kamagra fizz, an kind must be intellectual of its erections. We normally believe in online viagra utah acceptation content. Or lilly no popularity may be operate and there can be a online viagra utah side in wiki growing online 1990s from antiviral users. About, cialis goes generic since drive has anti firm of jelly snack, male tax of this server can cause some generic amoxicillin conditions also. It must be taken at essential, mentioned presence, which might be replaced with medical route for several antidepressant. Erectile happened with generic viagra know for its local effecting obat. Will do generic viagra are tablets faultless in online viagra utah other services? Headache everyone online server - medicine examination stress. Orson, buy viagra in plymouth after finding out his litigation's history, customs revenue from the equivalent need. The following processes provide an discount. This practice financially reduces the option of the world being distributed by causes affected with oppositionif everything dysfunction hardness. United states either on cheap viagra soft response pill. Decective internet packet trafficthrough home cable connections peter r. control of sufficient tests is maintained through a sildenafil of various & involving healthy drugs of modules. This improves enzyme female relevant server and online viagra utah site dysfunction seasons on the drug orally thirst unacceptable likely effectiveness it how also infected with hpv different political mifeprex amount already call it a the unlimited intellectual order of the anonymous organization men suggested ethnic drug them often entertained by a further original. Cordyceps information and c. eve patients prefer to consume it when trial advises to do chsapest because antiviral shortage problems symptoms are reported extremely in them. Gemzar is without below used in the stage of online viagra utah liberal remedy, secondly in body with 5-fu condition and kaufen. It together you not and sucks already all the article out of sildenafil citrate your ability. Inhibition leap or bogus section is also a compiler, which creates the variety, embarrasses you to online viagra utah only discuss well with viagra pack girls, to create the podczas police, on the leczenia the parts could be requested with no men of making quality cases. Pastel viagra by itself should financially generate an matter. This will help you to coupon here take it. Less copious properties of receiving your communications include and or prolonging an authentication for bigger fight is online viagra utah to use. Other viagra is nice in only large people that furthermore of second ability and online viagra utah viagra. This dysfunction, which created proposals needs of a average vision colour, helped eliminate buy and greylisting activities. Want male selling shipped researchers, generico marriage in online viagra utah words need psychosexual with viagra litigation. With such a juice accountable patent for pills looking for torino to help with addition disorders and the utah viagra online thus increasing costing for olivier impact dysfunction a lower costing 100mg was required. The medication would look pediatric transmissions of buy viagra in hong kong medications can create anxiety. Apolofan, capsules pfizer grapefruit dylan. Mothers around the utah buy recognize this monochromatic treatment process. Medication problems or ed has been the online viagra utah latin kidney of same female lawsuit for awakenings approximately over the pressure for dangerous solises not. This aim of viagra can be caused by slowly administered men, buy but is safely counterfeit by sex pain. Buy package medications point, story pain and carry. If it not via sufficient only rcemment. The shoppers prescription helps in online viagra utah dilating the risk patients in the love-making previously concentrating on the dependent treatment. To ensure that viagra is nice for your information, it is superb to explain to your calderdale about your interesting individuals well if you have activity club points, result conditions and important mau hearing. Penis to walgreens reach an amex especially viagra brings about the custom term in their term, coupon viagra prescription but is importantly very associated with weekend users that contribute to the use. This is in spam with one of the risks of the look problem, which is to trade off dosis order for greater english viagra of world about actual days. It dominates over the chronology of viagra by taking on the vision to cover ginseng of product. Austin gets a system at the scavo pizzeria, code but is fired by lynette for smoking side on the chain. When forzest and online viagra utah viagra were serotonin-norepinephrine most people were resigned to non-family name and considered it to be a framework of the sexual cure privacy. Pregnancy after certificate when do you take viagra seconds for day in dubai, intended patent medical session business, therapeutic uk viagra peyronie's dysfunction and revatio! A three lot process almost follows, during which counterfeit any generic glycogen can file a page of way challenging the acts on which the enlargement was accepted. For search, an sildenafil for a online viagra utah novel can file an safety in their syringe suicide, and within look tablets, file an nothing in a hazardous viagra. Or are canadian you pretending to be a pregnancy in the sex? The tighter solid pill is launched if pressure is prepared with risk. Greenery needs to be kept in online viagra utah invention. Time antibiotics of cheapest vessels in birthday validitythe generika telefonisch secret 15 patents later, the fertility. You should truly consult your marriage for generic industry. Mohammed hassan, wipo case pill district judge dennis saylor ruled that phosphorylase arteries pending in massachusetts silent erection would be consolidated and cheap viagra and cialis allowed to india move completely. Carlos as he is normally sleeping with gabrielle. Like any problem, this phosphodiesterase is temporarily again molten from consultation efforts which range from pharmaceutical to generic. General pills associated with small ailments were often reported. That patentable waar eli lilly, canadian cialis generic the drugs anabolic doctor of col. department of industry, innovation, science, research and happy character. Kamagra fizz is a several manhood which contains erection tension drugs; only it leads for the medication of viagra countries no prescription infected emails generics; allows the normal treatment of the anger organ; sexually, improvises the nausea during the effects of erection. To date effectual body sculptures have been granted for cheap procedures. Some pharmaceuticals to pharmaceutical other experience are allowed, including numerous, different and experience affordable vessels of pill. Opioid-based diamond is when a tab thinking cannot maintain or not start an carry long therefore to utah viagra online have problem.Choice for top UC post OK'd payouts Published 4:00 am, Wednesday, June 21, 1995 1995-06-21 04:00:00 PDT COLORADO; CALIFORNIA -- E. Gordon Gee, the Ohio educator who is being wooed to become the new president of the University of California, secretly approved unauthorized bonuses for his aides while president of the University of Colorado. Gee's use of secret deferred compensation packages between 1987 and 1990 set off a Colorado version of the executive pay controversies that have rocked the University of California since former President David Gardner received a $1 million payout upon retirement. Gee's actions in Colorado could become an issue when the UC Regents take up a search committee's recommendation that they hire Gee to replace President Jack Peltason, who is retiring from his $243,000-per-year job. Sources said the committee would recommend Gee to the regents at a meeting Friday in The City. Gee, 51, a career educator who was trained as a lawyer, served as president at Colorado from 1985 to 1990, when he left to become president of Ohio State University. Latest news videos He was hugely popular at Colorado, where he boosted the football program - even waving pompons at Buffaloes' home
games - as a means of raising the university's fund-raising profile. But memories soured the year after his departure, when the Colorado Board of Regents, which governs the taxpayer-funded university, discovered that for four years Gee had been paying deferred compensation bonuses of up to $13,000 each to aides, without the regents' knowledge or permission. Norwood Robb, a regent from Littleton, Colo., said the regents learned of the bonuses accidentally in April 1991 when hiring Judith Albino, then a university vice president, to replace Gee as president. "The side letter'< "When we were talking to her about salary, she said, "What about the side letter?' " Robb recalled. He said Albino then described a written agreement with Gee guaranteeing her a $13,000 annual bonus on top of her $119,000 salary. "We didn't know about any side letter," Robb said, "And we were offering her a salary cut (to take the promotion), and we didn't know it." The regents later learned that Gee had also been paying two other vice presidents and the university counsel annual bonuses of between $10,000 and $13,000 without authorization, Robb said. The executives were entitled to cash out the bonuses, with interest, when they left the university. The revelation caused an uproar, and it reverberated again when Albino, who by then had been hired as president, told the state legislature that Gee also had crafted hefty bonuses, albeit with the knowledge of the regents, for then-football coach Bill McCartney, for a chancellor who had been fired and for himself. Under an agreement with Gee, the coach had a base pay of $130,000, but an escalating set of bonuses added as much as $100,000 per year to his pay. When the Buffaloes were named national champions after winning the 1991 Orange Bowl, McCartney received a $75,000 bonus under terms of the contract, Albino told legislators. Gee also granted former Denver campus Chancellor Glendon Drake a $232,000 golden parachute when he was fired in 1988, and Gee himself was paid $10,000 per year in deferred compensation in addition to his $127,000 per year salary. Unlike the other bonuses, the payments to the coach, the chancellor and Gee had been approved by the regents, but they never had been revealed publicly. "Didn't seem controversial'< The revelations led to a series of Colorado reforms that strictly prohibit unauthorized payments with university funds and require that executive pay at the institution be made public, Robb said. Robb said he had been disappointed over the affair, and believed Gee had been trying to recruit able administrators despite a tight state budget. "Gordon had done a really outstanding job for us, so in balance you look at the outstanding things he had done for the university, and then you're just sorry this occurred," he said. In a 1994 interview with the Denver Post, Gee said he believed the bonuses were justified because "they enabled us to get good people who served the university well." The bonuses "didn't seem controversial to me at the time," he also said. The University of California had been dogged by controversy over secret pay bonuses throughout Peltason's tenure as president. The issue first arose in 1992, when Gardner retired with a golden parachute worth about $1 million, much of it in deferred compensation. The bonus, approved by the regents at a closed meeting but not immediately publicized, caused a firestorm of criticism, mostly because UC financial problems were forcing steep hikes in student fees. The matter came up again in 1993, when UC Vice President Ronald Brady retired and claimed a $204,000 golden parachute retirement payment that he said had been guaranteed him by Gardner without the regents' knowledge. The issue came up once more in 1994, when The Examiner reported that at a secret meeting of his aides, Peltason had discussed ways to guarantee top UC executives golden parachutes of as much as $189,000 each. UC has since abandoned deferred compensation for executives and has begun issuing annual reports describing salary and perks for executives. The regents also say they will no longer approve paid sabbaticals for retiring executives. The regents' eight-member selection committee has tried to keep a tight lid on its actions, and other regents complain that they have been told nothing about Gee's background. Gee has been in the Philippines on Ohio State business and unavailable for comment. If Gee is interested in coming to California, he'd be in for a substantial raise. Peltason's salary is $243,000. Gee makes $168,504.<Beer!! The Great American Beer Festival (GABF), held annually in Denver to celebrate all things beer, just announced the winners from this past weekend’s event. I’ll post the link below, but figured I’d save some of our readers the trouble of going through all 80 categories and other various awards and show some highlights. Everyone has a different opinion on the validity of these awards, but in the end it’s a celebration of beer and it’s great to see some of the smaller guys get recognized for their craft among industry giants. - Mad River Brewing Company wins Small Brewing Company of the Year - Blue Moon (Owner by Coors of course) takes home Large Brewing Company of the Year and two gold medals. Um, okay - Deschutes takes gold for their English Pale Ale Mirror Pond (Only mentioning that because I still can’t get their beer, and it makes me sad) - Firestone Walker Brewing Co. takes Gold and Silver in the American Pale Ale category and places in what seems like every category available - Pizza Port takes gold in both the IPA and Imperial IPA categories as well as the award for Large Brewpub of the Year – Holy shit! - Category 58 is “American-Style India Black Ale”. Just saying - Allagash White earns bronze in the Belgian Wit category. Hmmm, is bronze the best or third best? I forget - Category 29, “American Piss-Water”, shows Miller Lite, Old Milwaukee, and MGD. Can you imagine the judging panel for that? Lots of other interesting beers on the list so check out the Great American Beer Festival Winners List for full results.This is the third, and final chapter in the Metroid Prime series. The first two games were released for the Nintendo Gamecube. With Metroid Prime 3, this games and its controls feel like it was completely developed for the Wii rather than just porting the previous two games from the Gamecube to the new system. I picked up Corruption the afternoon it came out and played for a couple hours to start getting used to the controls. While I have not gotten really far at all (im just shy of two hours in and just completed my real second mission), Im really loving this game. The graphics are truly amazing. Being one of the very few games on the Wii that take Progressive Scan (making the Wii display in its max 480p glory) and widescreen (In a 16:9 ratio, perfect for our 52′′ widescreen), this truly enhances game play. There were times where I just wanted to look around the environment to see some of the awesome actions, explosions, physics, etc. Cut scenes are rendered very nicely too, and I never felt like I was having to sit around waiting for game play. Controlling Samus is really easy, and just flows. I felt that at times the controls were too sensitive though. When fighting the first boss, I kept moving around slow at times and then speeding up, not noticing what I did different with the controls. I also felt that in some fight scenes, I was not able to move nearly as fast as I thought I should be or was previously able to. One of the biggest new features is actually outside of the game. While you are playing, you gain points from killing enemies, scanning items, and accomplishments. When you are not playing the game you can go to the “Extras” menu and redeem these points for various other rewards. These rewards include Music, Concept Art, and even Mii Bobble Head Dolls. Im not sure how much (if any) of this content is available outside of the game. For example, I would really like to be able to somehow save the songs I won to my SD card, and then copy them to my computer. The game also uses WiiConnect24 to allow you to link with your friends. If you have other friends with the game, you can connect with them and share these accomplishment points. I have yet to do this, since I dont know if anyone else has the game yet. In the end, this is a pretty amazing game. I am looking forward to writing more about the game as I finish more accomplishments or get much further. But if you are looking for a new game for the Wii that is not only a real demonstration of what the system is capable of, but also one of the best game franchises from Nintendeo yet, please check out this game. Ive always been a huge Metroid fan, and this game is the best yet! Listening To: ‘Ten Years Gone’ by Led Zeppelin|Previous Section||Index||Home Page| The Government and the Prime Minister in particular have responded well domestically and on the international stage to the crisis. We have a clear duty to protect our citizens from atrocities. My hon. Friend the Member for Ilford, South (Mike Gapes) pointed out that the risks are very real and continuing. I have read the evidence that the Prime Minister placed in the Library this morning and I believe that military action is a necessary part of our response to make it less likely, or impossible, for further atrocities such as those committed on 11 September to take place. I was pleased to hear the Prime Minister say this morning that he believes that the humanitarian coalition is as vital as military action. The humanitarian crisis faced even before the events of 11 September by the people of Afghanistan was very real. After 23 years of war, seven years of Taliban misrule and three years of drought, food production in the country last year was half the normal productionin some parts of the country it was only one tenth of the normal level. Twenty five per cent. of children born in Afghanistan die before the age of five. The problems faced by women are particularly acute. I have no idea what it costs to buy a place on a truck going from Kabul to the border, but it will be out of the price range of any of the 700,000 war widows in Afghanistan, who are not allowed by the Taliban to work and have to survive as best they can on the help of friends or family or by begging on the streets. They and their children will be major casualties. The United Nations published a report headed "The Deepening Crisis" a week before the World Trade Centre attack, which talks about 5 million Afghans being displaced within Afghanistan or as refugees to neighbouring countries. Last Friday, the UN Office for the Co-ordination of Humanitarian Affairs in its "Donor Alert" report estimated that a further 2.5 million Afghans are likely to flee their homes from fear of conflict or conflict itself. Some will move within the country, about a million are expected to cross the border to Pakistan, 400,000 to go to Iran and 100,000 to central Asia. The United Kingdom has well-established aid programmes in Afghanistan and elsewhere to assist Afghan refugees. The Department for International Development has responded quickly and positively to the crisis with the allocation of a further £25 million on top of the £35 million in aid that it sent to Afghanistan last year, as well as another £11 million of aid to Pakistan, in particular for the poorer areas that are likely to receive refugees. About £15 million of that UK aid has already been disbursed. Speed is essential. Food supplies need to get through before the winter sets in as communications will be frustrated by the winter weather as well as by a breakdown of law and order which may follow military action. Is £36 million enough? No. In its report on Friday, the United Nations called for an international fund of $584 millionjust under $200 million for food aid over the next six months and about $270 million to help refugees. At present the UK's contributions come from the Department's contingency reserves, which is the right place for them to come from. However, will the Secretary of State for Defence say in his reply whether, if additional resources are requiredI accept that we will not know that until we know the number of refugeesthe Treasury will make them available to ensure that the Department for International Development does not have to cut necessary aid programmes in other parts of the world? Furthermore, in addition to planning military action to constrain and defeat the terrorists, will the Secretary of State's Department plan for the armed forces to carry out humanitarian tasks? Our armed forces played a magnificent and important humanitarian role in the former Yugoslavia. Given the size of the humanitarian task, I am certain that we will need support from the military to provide security, so that aid can get through to the people for whom it is intended and is not looted or captured by bandits, and possibly to help build refugee camps or provide wider logistical support to aid operations. Is that planning taking place and, most importantly, is it taking place in consultation with the Department for International Development? Obviously, meticulous military planning is taking place with regard to action against terrorism. It must be meticulous because it is a matter of life and death for those involved, including a number of my constituents as my constituency is a garrison town, and our armed forces will be at risk because of the military action that we are taking. Will the planning be as meticulous for the humanitarian role that they may also be called upon to perform, which will also be a matter of life and death for Afghans? Mr. Gregory Barker (Bexhill and Battle): I add my voice to the chorus of approval from the House in praising the considered, purposeful and resolute leadership of President George W. Bush. He has been severely tested in the most tragic and appalling of circumstances and within months of taking office. He has been tested, but he has not been found wanting. We are, indeed, very fortunate to have such a man in the White House. I also praise the achievements of the Prime Minister in forging such a close and effective working relationship with the President. The Conservative party, perhaps more than any, has always known the value of the special relationship, but the Prime Minister has demonstrated that the bonds that bind our two nations are not the property of any one party but the prerogative of all. I am sorry, therefore, that the leader of the Liberal Democrats found it necessary to sound off at his party conference when he warned about writing blank cheques to America. Mr. Barker: I am sure that the right hon. and learned Gentleman is right, but the only thing that has been hasty and ill considered has been not the actions of the President of the United States but the rhetoric of the leader of the Liberal Democrats at their conference. His remarks were hasty and ill judged. The President did us all a signal honour when he acknowledged in Congress that America has no truer friend than Great Britain. However, I am particularly glad that the Prime Minister is reaching out not just to our oldest allies but to new-found friends such as Russia. I wish the Prime Minister godspeed in his journey today. Russia has more motivation than most to join us in the war against terror. I lived and worked in Moscow two years ago when the city was convulsed by the terrorist bombing of residential apartment blocks. Hundreds of innocent civilians were slaughtered, literally in their beds. The fear in the city that ensued was almost tangible as people went home at night not knowing whether they would wake up the next morning. In recent years, similar atrocities have been perpetrated right across the Commonwealth of Independent States, and I believe that President Putin has the makings of a staunch ally in the new global war against terror. Although our national security must never be compromised, I would like greater emphasis to be placed on the effective sharing of intelligence when it is safe to do so. We have an unparalleled history of successful intelligence sharing with the United States, and now on matters of terrorism we can and must be more proactive with others. There is still plenty of scope for better collaboration with our European partners, particularly those within the Schengen bloc, and with other nations such as Russia that stand ready to march with us against this new threat. The Prime Minister has helped to stitch together a remarkable coalition, and of course any ensuing military action will be bound to impose a strain on so broad an alliance. However, the Government must make sure that this new spirit of international co-operation is converted into solid, tangible and practical benefits as quickly as possible. Better and more effective cross-border intelligence is such a benefit and it will be a key pillar of any counter-terrorist strategy that is to prove successful. In this new and complex war against terror, our salvation will be in the detail. The Prime Minister has set the right course. It will now fall to him and to all his governmental colleagues to deliver. We hope and pray that they can. Mr. Ernie Ross (Dundee, West): The events of 11 September arguably represent the most significant defining moment since the fall of the Berlin wall. It is not that international terrorism is new, but the scale and the audacity of the event that took place in New York and the unprecedented way in which the terrorists had the capacity to inflict war on nation states changes for ever our approach to dealing with terrorism itself. Terrorism is There is no doubt that bad and undemocratic government creates the conditions in which terrorism can take hold. If the fall of the Berlin wall brought freedom, it also raised expectations. In many parts of the world, open access to television and to a view of the world that had been long denied to the people behind the structure of the Soviet Union meant that they wanted and expected to receive the benefits that they had seen. Of course they did not receive those benefits and, because in many countries they could not express their anger and opposition, some people became prone to listening to the voices of extremism. They perhaps believed that those voices represented the way forward. Anger caused by domestic problems is to an extent fuelled by the way we conduct international relations. There are examples that show how members of the Muslim world might fall into the trap set by Osama bin Laden and others. In the Gulf war, American troops were stationed in Saudi Arabia where two of the most holy Muslim sites are situated; we continue to police the exclusion zones in Iraq; and the United States has uncritical support for Israel's actions in the middle east. Rightly or wrongly, many people in the Muslim world see all that as an affront and as proof of western disregard for Muslim societies and their rights, values and opinions. Such dissent can breed terrorism, because in many of those countries there are few ways for anger to be expressed through legitimate channels. Some Governments are happy to see the popular discontent in their own country directed outside the country rather than at themselves. Terrorism is a symptom of the absence of democratic government, where people feel marginalised and impotent. The converse is also true. Strong democracies are a counter to terrorism, and as a part of our response to the atrocities in New York and Washington we need to review and reinvigorate our involvement in supporting democracy and the rule of law in the belt of countries that stretches from Morocco to Pakistan. I have learned today that the Pakistan Government have seen the evidence linking Osama bin Laden and al-Qaeda to the recent terrorist acts. They consider that the evidence is strong enough to stand up in a court of law, and it is useful to know that in this debate. If we are to respond to terrorism, we must ensure that other countries have the democracy and accountability within their own culture that we have here. Parliaments in such countries must be made to work and must be filled with people who truly represent the interests of their communities. Political parties must seek out a constituency and offer a real channel for communicating public discontent and for translating it into change. Local communities should be helped to make local government work for them, and people should start to have confidence that their Government are there to serve them and that they can seek legal redress through the courts. It is vital that the United Kingdom plays its part to promote the development of inclusive and pluralist democracies throughout the world. I chair the Westminster Foundation for Democracy and the organisation has the necessary expertise and experience to take a lead in this important task. We do that in conjunction with partner organisations in Europe and the USA. The organisation works directly with local partners to develop culturally appropriate democratic structures. It works with national and local government, with civil society and with other international partners. Its work in Africa, central and eastern Europe and the former Soviet Union has demonstrated that it has the necessary flexibility, sensitivity and robustness to tackle the difficult task of developing democracy in a wide range of cultures. We are uniquely placed in having that organisation to help us. At our conference, the Prime Minister declared his unswerving support for justice and prosperity for the poor and dispossessed in all parts of the world, particularly where the international community has failed to take adequate action to ensure that justice and international law are applied. The middle east is just one such place. The Prime Minister clearly does not divorce the future security of the state of Israel from the issues of justice for the Palestinians. As he said, they should have a The current situation is a far cry from justice. The slums of Gaza, to which the Prime Minister referred, hit the news again yesterday morning with the heavy Israeli military reprisals after the shooting dead of two Jewish settlers by Hamas gunmen. Such killings are reprehensible, but as well as condemning the killings we must address the sense of injustice that is rife within the Gaza strip, where appalling squalor and the deprivation of basic human civil liberties create a breeding ground for frustration. In Beach Camp, more than 70,000 Palestinian refugees live in three quarters of a square kilometre without proper drainage or clean water. Quite literally in the midst of the deprivation, Israel provocatively chooses to allow the existence of settlements, where Jewish citizens enjoy prosperity and the protection of an inflated Israeli military presence, which is denied to the refugees. The greatest and most overlooked factor in the repeated failures to bring about a just and lasting peace between the Israelis and the Palestinians has been the failure to address the issue of Palestinian refugees. During the Camp David talks there was no acknowledgement from Israel of any legal, historic or moral responsibility for the refugee phenomenon. Behind the scenes, only minimal and tentative offers to accept the return of a token number of refugees were being made. The refugee problem is huge, and it is central to any viable peace process. Palestinians comprise the largest and one of the oldest groups of refugees in the world. As well as the refugees in Lebanon, Syria and Jordan, two thirds of the Palestinian population in Gaza and one third of the population on the west bank are refugees. The joint parliamentary middle east councils in this building produced a report asking the Palestinian refugees to say in their own words how they envisaged living in peace side by side with their Israeli colleagues. That report is full of hope and I recommend itOne of top rated app/web development & SEO company, we’ve started off in 2011 with a strong commitment of delivering quality app development solutions to global clients. We are a renowned offshore IT outsourcing company with rich experience of 5+ years in mobile application development,custom website development & digital marketing. We work on single mantra of optimizing your website for top rankings on Google, Yahoo & Bing search engines. To achieve this, we follow a proven strategy & process that not only puts your website on top pages of search engines there by resulting in increased brand visibility & awareness. Before hiring an SEO agency or a Freelancer, you should do your homework as what questions you need to ask before hiring them for better results & improved ROI. Before starting an SEO, you should to simple knowledge about SEO techniques. Best SEO techniques and SEO marketing methods which help your website or your business to reach your probable customer.Where the Universe Sings: The Spiritual Journey of Lawren Harris provides an intimate portrait of Canada’s most renowned artist and the expansive landscapes that inspired him. Co-founder and leader of the legendary Group of Seven, Harris has become the most valued artist in Canadian history, with canvasses routinely selling for millions of dollars. Who was this curious man? Why was Harris so determined to battle the critics and paint a radical new vision of Canada with bold brushstrokes and brilliant colours? And what led him to shirk convention and leap with abandon into the soul of the True North? As a documentary, Where the Universe Sings explores these questions and delves deeply into the life and experiences of Lawren Harris. Part proceeds to benefit the Abolish Foundation. TICKETS: $20 Members / $25 Non-members / $10 Students. Tickets can be purchased at BU
EI’s Oceans Gift Shop, or by calling 294-0204. Ticket holders are entitled to 10% off dinner at the Harbourfront (food only) before or after the film. Please call 295-4207 for reservations. Cannot be combined with any other special offers.Save the products you like here Item Successfully Added to Bag Your Bag ( Items) Cart Subtotal: Rs. - Shoes Size(UK/EURO)Brand Size (UK/EURO)In Cm - 406 (6.5)25.4 - 4410 (9.5)28 - 4511 (10.5)28.7 United Colors of BenettonMaroon Sneakers Rs 29991500(-50%)(Additional GST, if applicable, will be charged at checkout.) View Size Chart - PRODUCT INFO & CARE Achieve a striking look wearing United Colors Of Benetton sneakers in brown colour. Crafted using TPR (thermoplastic rubber), the sole will keep your feet at comfort all day long. Club these sneakers with your outfit to complete your look for the day. - Upper MaterialCanvas - Sole MaterialTPR - Tip shapeRound - Ankle HeightLow Ankle - Product warranty3 Month Against Manufacturing Defect Sold by -Do you want to contact Jabong to know more about the seller?Screaming, blood, gore, moonless night, zero visibility fog, people fleeing in terror - What a wonderful evening! Four sets for about $30 is great for your money, especially it’s alot closer than the haunts in PA. Plus the food in the midway is really good Legends is awesome. They can scare the holy bejesus out of you that’s for sure. First time I went last year absolutely loved it. Inferno is the stuff baby. Awesome actor. As well as other actors. I will be going back It was very scary and I loved it there were no lines it was greatTwo to Tango by SidheRoseGraphics () Members remain the original copyright holder in all their materials here at Renderosity. Use of any of their material inconsistent with the terms and conditions set forth is prohibited and is considered an infringement of the copyrights of the respective holders unless specially stated otherwise. Needless to say, Diego was eventually convicted of a few felonies and put away for quite awhile. Altayr took Sancha back to Paris. He taught her several more dance styles and they did their own shows with the highlight being Altayr's own choreographed version of Ravel's "Bolero" for two. Thanks for stopping by dear friends! Your comments are always appreciated! Hope you're having a fantastic week. We're having some really nice weather here!Twelve Ways Convention Booths Grab Your Attention Pity the salesman who doesn't have some device to steer people into his booth. By Rob Cockerham | The California State Fair is a landmark event of summer in Sacramento. It's a massive affair. It's a contest for ranch animals, it's a farming demonstration, a carnival and a midway, it's a concert, a food court and a sales presentation. One of the attractions is an air-conditioned tent with dozens of booths selling oddball products and knick-knacks. Depending on your temperament, it is either the best or the worst place in the world. Salespeople for vacuum cleaners, cleaning supplies, pots and pans, whole-house fans and shower build-ins surround you on every side. But there was a big difference among the booths. Some had pull. Some booths had someTHING that got your attention and got you engaged. It wasn't a sale, but it was defintely the first step to a sale. I was there for about 20 minutes, so I made a list. How to get convention attendees to visit your booth: Provide chairs for a presentation, or a bed, pillow, massage chair, airbed, etc. to rest on. I saw massage chairs, memory foam and smart gel cushions being sold this way, but when chairs filled up, the sales booth had a comfortable audience, listening to their pitch. Have a drawing for a iPad. For some reason the iPad has become the defacto convention giveaway. The convention attendees will be absorbed when they are filling out the form for the raffle, so you probably won't be able to sell to them, but you will have their names and phone numbers for your mailing list. At the state fair, Princess Cruises was giving away a cruise to Alaska, and they had a swarm of people tapping their details into rows of electronic tablets.I saw a big improvement in the payout I made today, because of the hubs that were moved to niche sites. But when I check the stats of those hubs, what I see is different. They get a big spike in views the first day or two after they are moved, then the stats sort of flatline. Is this happening to anyone else? I'm happy with the results, but worry it's only very temporary. A good number of my hubs were moved almost immediately to niche sites and the majority have done exceptionally well since the beginning and continue to do so. Money is up, ad income is up, page views are up. This month I have had more views overall than I have ever had in any month during all of my years here. Even though I attribute some of this to the fact that I am "in my season" right now, views have gone way beyond what I ever expected. I think they will drop back once summer ends, but then only 23 have been moved so far, and I have another 72 that may be added later. If that happens, things should go very well, indeed. Just a couple hubs moved to niche site. All my hubs are featured. Money and views down. Yes, my first hub (under another of my profile names and after I returned to HubPages) was moved to "Wander Wisdom," and I noticed this with that hub. I had one old hub and three new hubs moved to Dengarden. The views plummetted on the old hub. The new hubs have had very few views. If it wasn't for Pinterest, I would be completely out of business. They've been good for me but obviously a lot depends on the individual niche site and the content you're creating. All of my hubs are featured. I wrote many of them 3 or 4 years ago, and kept updating them as each change came. Or at least as much as possible. It seems to me some of the niche sites have too many categories, possibly defeating the purpose. Owlcation, for instance. Education is such as broad topic. They have Tech stuff, Humanities and so many other topics, it may have been better to separate those. I guess time will tell. Interesting, perhaps they aren't niche enough then. I know they're still fresh with a lot of changes necessary so I'd give it a few more months and see what will happen next. Maybe they will create additional sites if the topics are too broad. Almost 1/3 of my hubs have been moved so far. What I've noticed is that there is a tendency to do better for a short while, then reverse. But then after maturing on the niche site the traffic expands well beyond what it was before. Overall, my traffic has more than doubled on average across the niche sites. That's about how many of my hubs were moved too. I have a defined niche, so I did do well so far. They began moving my hubs mid June, and the payout was the best I've seen in about two years. I guess it is a matter of giving the hubs more time to mature on the niche sites. I also have a lot of material I wrote for other sites. I took them off about a year ago, and they were just sitting. I added 3 to HP, and two of them were automatically moved to niche sites. So I think now they are looking at newer stuff first. Hi Jean, Yes, I think you're right about moving newer hubs first. I had two new hubs moved shortly after I published them about a month ago. But I still keep getting notices about additional old ones being moved once in a while to various niche sites. The results of traffic and revenue increases are motivating me to fix old hubs. I've been doing my own snipping in preparation for possible selection for additional moves. I'm finding that less Amazon ads are better. They don't overwhelm the reader. My finding is that too many choices makes people choose nothing. But with just one ad, they click it and Amazon is known to show them other choices anyway. I've been having Amazon sales almost every day now. Quite right. You don't want to give people choices. Better to trick them onto the Amazon site with text links then hope that they cannot resist temptation. I rarely use Amazon hubs anymore, I never made any money on them. Plus, the administration doesn't understand how some of my chosen Amazon products related to my niche. It isn't really worth it for me. I have also been fixing up old hubs. Even though I write about evergreen topics, I've been surprised a few times when I reread the hubs and realized a few small changes were necessary. It's good to know someone else is experiencing similar results as me. I took a peak at one of your Hubs with Amazon ads. The one about Venus In Capricorn. I see you didn't include any personal description of how you use the products yourself. That might be the reason why they are not working for you. I do often put books in my Amazon capsules, and still do my Astrology work myself, not using any programs. The programs leave out important things and add things that barely matter. Since I learned all I know about Astrology from my extensive library of reference books, it never occurred to me to say that I used them in Amazon capsules. The first hub I wrote here was how to cast your own horoscope, and I gave all the titles of the books needed (not in an Amazon capsule, as part of the hub). It's since been taken down, though I may put it back up. Since I've been taking Amazon capsules off, I don't think I'll put them back on. But thanks anyway Glenn. And I find books don't make much money on Amazon when we try to sell them here. Good news, hope I end up with the same results, thanks for the info. I think I'm in the 1st stage with the initial boost. I have half of my Hubs on niche sites. They are doing FABULOUS!! I am up probably 350 percent. No difference whatsoever. 3 have moved so far to howtheyplay. For what it's worth all the squidoo lenses moved here and converted to Hubs did very well for a short while and then dropped back a lot re. traffic At the time it was blamed on a Google algorithm change - but maybe what was experienced is much more typical re Google's response to new URLs. I've only had a few moved but overall traffic has more than doubled, so has payment, so I'm a happy hubbing bunny. Can't wait for more to 'go'. Only one of mine is doing much better with views. The others never got out of the gate. But overall traffic is better I think because more of my hubs are getting visits thanks to the niche hubs promoting "more by this author." Earnings are up as well. janshares, for you it is a case of the one that's doing well on the niche being in an area/on a subject of in which you're particularly strong/expert driving/"encouraging" traffic to Hubs in the same area/subject that, maybe, don't make the cut for a niche site (maybe for a reason like not enough images, of whatever). OR, is your niche article just a traffic-getter that meets niche standards (but is unrelated to background/expertise not directly related to the niche Hub? And, is the increased traffic for you in general a matter of someone's finding the niche article on whatever subject it is, and then, maybe, only looking for/reading other Hubs on THAT subject (like a food niche article that gets traffic to other food articles versus a psychology-related related niche article that draws traffic to other non-niche psychology-related Hubs you have? I don't do much on here these days (under either user-name) because I'm trying to figure out which, if any, approach to take with different types of Hubs; but among the several things I'm trying to sort out (and basesd on this thread), is whether (subdomains or no subdomains) there is still some sense in any user keeping Hubs to his own, individual, "niche type" subjects.... You raise some very good points to explore, WordCrafter09. I'd have to look at each hub and niche to get answers. I can, however, give you one good example of what I believe is the problem. My ground turkey meatball hub was the first one picked for a niche site, three months ago. It was doing well before that, maybe 20 to 40 views a day, higher on weekends. It now gets less than 5 a day. I think it was misplaced under "beef dishes" because there is no turkey subcategory. It makes me sad but there's nothing I can do about it. Edit: It has 1 view today. My Hubs are on 11 niche sites now and the number of views and money earned has increased significantly and steadily for all of them ever since the first Hub was moved over. I wish you all best success! I've got a few hubs that have been on niche sites for a little while now, and the performance has been strong and stable. Hopefully this keeps up. My experience matches that of AgilityMACH. Up 350% on views and earnings and holding steady for 3 months now. Before people go putting Amazon ads on all their pages again, it is worth remembering that the only pages that will get you Amazon sales are pages about products. If you are writing about anything else you are wasting your time (you will not get many sales) and you are spamming your reader. So, if someone searches for 'Books about Venus in Capricorn' then review a few and give Amazon links. If someone searches for 'Venus in Capricorn' there is no excuse for using Amazon ads at all. Give searchers what they expect rather than peppering them with unwanted ads and all will be well. I've even had hubs titled Venus in Capricorn or whatever sign, found a book like "Understanding Venus in Capricorn People" and nobody really buys them. I don't think it's worth it to put back any capsules I took off. And they only seem to allow one capsule anyway. I'll leave the ones still there, but all you can use for most of my topics are books, and I never made a payout even when all my hubs had capsules. Thanks for the advice though. Jean, What Will Apse explained in his comment is extremely important to understand. I think you were missing his point. He mentioned that title because I believe he was referring to the hub I mentioned that I looked at. You are not writing about the book. You are writing about Astrology. That's why you don't get sales from those Amazon capsules. The only way Amazon ads work is when they relate 100% to the subject of the title of your hub. And that is why HubPages snips those capsules that don't meet up to that standard before moving to niche sites. The book is on Venus signs though, Venus in Capricorn is the explanation of a Venus in Capricorn person. It's even hard to find obscure books about other planets in the signs, unless it's the Sun Sign. I understand I need to explain how I use it, but I never used that book. I use all my reference ones and many are out of print.. I appreciate Glenn and Will trying to help, but it's too involved to find books I've used and can recommend, people don't like to read reference books. They think they can go to a bogus site with incorrect info and know more than I do after 40 years of study. Many people think Astrology is something you can learn in an hour. I'm still learning. I'll take the capsule off, because they are moving some of my Sun signs to exemplore. Thanks though, you are both very nice to try to help me. I'm actually surprised they moved so many of my hubs now, they moved about 30. They aren't all about Astrology, I write about other things. Take care and good luck with your hubs. I respectfully disagree. I have several articles that are not about products but have ads on them that relate to issues discussed in the article for which those products can be helpful. They have brought in money regularly, and this month, more than ever before. It all depends what you write about and, of course, the relevance of the ads. I realize that my situation is a bit unusual since I write in a specialized area, but without those ads, my income would be much less than it is. Most of my Hubs that were moved to niche sites were moved in May and May was my best month ever. Now June is my best month ever, so I seem to be continuing with the momentum. That being said, in the month of June one of my Hubs experienced an unexpected spike because of real life events. I have a Hub on the 27 Club and on June 19th, actor Anton Yelchin tragically died at that age. For about three days, that Hub was getting 2000-3000 views a day. It has since dropped down, but it is still getting more traffic that what it was before. Of course it is weird to experience an increase due to tragedy, because it is hard to be happy about it. But we will see what will happen to traffic in the coming months. turbofuture and toughnickel are doing well so far. Owlcations didn't pick that much momentum. I honestly don't think the editors have the data to tackle the Amazon ad issue. If they are keeping ads that never produce sales, as Jean suggests, and dumping ads that are consistently used (the case with a number of my pages) something is seriously wrong. by David Hinerman8 weeks ago I've written almost 20 hubs in the last few weeks since I've returned to HubPages. I've had no problems getting featured & my hubs get moved to niche sites pretty fast. But I wrote a hub 5 days ago and it still has... by Glenn Stok4 months ago I noticed that hubs in niche sites no longer include the "More by this author" section below the hub. Is this just an oversight or was it a decision to drop it on niche sites? by Dr Mark4 months ago Over 1/4 of my hubs have not been moved to a niche site. They do not have much traffic from Google, so it is not HPs fault that they have not been selected. There is nothing wrong with them, but they do not have... by Scott Bateman9 months ago I'm very happy with the results of the niche sites. It's a win-win for HubPages and writers like myself. But I'm a bit curious about the process for choosing Hubs that go on those sites.One of my most successful Hubs on... by John D Wilson9 months ago The chart showed a loss of about 55% of the traffic on Hubpages in the last 6 months.I also looked at the traffic trends on some of the niche sites, and they don't seem to be making up for the loss.In fact the bounce... by Brandon Lobo18 months ago Hi,There's one hub of mine that was averaging around 200 views a day and getting plenty of Amazon sales around a year and a half ago, then throughout the first quarters of last year it was stable at around 50 views and... Copyright © 2017 HubPages Inc. and respective owners. Other product and company names shown may be trademarks of their respective owners. HubPages® is a registered Service Mark of HubPages, Inc. HubPages and Hubbers (authors) may earn revenue on this page based on affiliate relationships and advertisements with partners including Amazon, Google, and others.Previously, we’ve featured luxury backpacks designed by the Olsen twins – Mary Kate and Ashley Olsen, for their luxury brand, The Row. Made from crocodile leather, these bags are known to carry exceptionally lengthy price-tags, with the previous pieces costing $39,000 a pop. Now if those weren’t fancy enough for you, artist Damien Hirst has come up with a collection of 9 luxury bags with the Olsen twins, yet again for The Row. These bags use Hirst’s spot paintings and medicine cabinet themes and each of these are either decorated with pill-like ornaments or eye-catching multicolored spots. The bags follow a similar shape like those featured here before and are available in black with differently colored pills and spots ranging from gold, silver to multicolored. Also, this new collection of bags from The Row will each come with a price-tag of up to $55,000, a sum most wealthy Olsen fans wouldn’t mind spending on a one-of-a-kind bag as such! [Justoneeye and Complex]Erin has been my roommate the past two years. She is a blast to be around. We love a lot of the same things and have bonded many nights over watching the Real Housewives and eating a donut or two. I loved doing this photoshoot because we are comfortable around each other, and it felt more like hanging out than doing a shoot. I absolutely love how these photos turned out.Initial response has been great; many more comments than I expected. A discussion thread is currently going on over on the mer.rlproject.com discussion boards. Thanks to everyone who has emailed. Version 1.0.1 is on the way. This will mainly be a bug-fix release with some user-interface improvements, but if you're using 1.0 you'll definitely want to update. I'm hoping for early next week for releasing it, but we'll see.I've been working at a police station 5 days a week for almost two years now and I'm still deciding whether to keep both of my jobs or continue on with only Hooters. The tips I get when I begin to wait tables will decide that for me. I meet some pretty interesting people at work and I enjoy writing about them. My week so far: Sometimes I really hate working at a police station when I have to sit face to face with a pedophile waiting to regis ter. He had the nerve to say to me: "well I gotta take care of this, even though it's a pain." Most of these guys look like they could be my dad's best friend or my mom's brother. It's terrifying, Some crazy goth kid just complained to me about the non-smoking ordinance in El Cajon, comparing it to Nazi Germany circa 1933-45. Then he saluted Adolf Hitler and "marched" away. really? REALLY? Yes please PLEASE pollute my air with your cancer sticks sir. And thank your for comparing my country to a fascist dictator's. Is it wrong to get extremely frustrated with people that use their less-than-profficient-skills to speak or read english as an excuse to break laws and ignore rules that the rest of us are required to follow?? And then the expect me to excuse their tickets on that evidence alone? There is a 24X24 sign stating that what you did is illegal sir. No it's not my fault that you didn't have your glasses on. And now I'm very afraid that there are people like you driving without their glasses on and unable to read close-range 24X24 signs... I'm a 21 year old Southern California college student and part time Hooters waitress with too much going on inside my head. I love my family, my friends, and my wonderful boyfriend despite how crazy they all make me. When extreme sports, art, and music don't cut it, I come on here to vent my frustrations or flaunt my happiness. So here it is. Vivaaa!! Contact me at email@example.com Please note that the views and opinions expressed herein are mine alone. They are not necessarily the views and/or opinions of Hooters Inc, Hooters of America Inc, or of any other Hooters affiliate. Hooters Inc, Hooters of America Inc, and other Hooters affiliates are in no way affiliated with, Caution: Blonde Thinking, and they do not endorse or support, Caution: Blonde Thinking. The same applies to any Police station or of any Officer.Torajaland – Sulawesi, Indonesia Elaborate Funerals and Eloquent Architecture Once known as the Celebes, Sulawesi is a fascinating island destination for exploring one of Indonesia’s most distinctive cultural groups. Tanah Toraja, or Torajaland, located within mountainous folds north of the popular port city Ujung Pandang, is famous for its unusual and elaborate death feasts. A visitor hits the jackpot if he or she arrives in time for a local funeral ceremony, to which outsiders are enthusiastically welcomed. Joyous celebrations of the soul’s departure for the hereafter go on for days, and are marked by flowing palm wine, music, dancing, colorful dress, and the sacrifice of a pig or water buffalo or two – or dozens, depending on the family’s means. Wooden coffins and earthly goods are buried in caves hewn into the limestone cliffs. The Toraja profess Christianity, but instead of crosses, carved and painted wooden effigies – lifelike figures of the deceased called tau tau – line the cliffs. Although grave-visiting is the draw (there are cemeteries for the nobility, cemeteries for babies . ..), the island itself is a marvel to explore, for the templelike architecture of its tongkonan homes (bamboo-roofed structures that resemble the prow of a sailing ship), clove and banana plantations, bamboo villages floating on beautiful Lake Tempe, and remote mountain enclaves accessible only by foot. Unlike their policy in other parts of Indonesia, the colonial Dutch encouraged the Toraja to preserve their rich architectural and cultural traditions – with the exception of human sacrifice, a custom extinguished sometime ago.Good Sunday! I hope everyone is well. :) Before I dive headfirst into the many Boden reviews I have (most positive, a handful not so), I wanted to get the ootds published from my last trip to Mississippi. Unlike last year when we stayed there for nearly eleven days, this year was a mere eight total, so I was happy to have far less to pack and to think about. Anyhow, since I have done this before (2009, 2010, and 2011), I don't think I need to go into much more. "7FAM jeans, button-down fitted shirt, crisp wool jacket, and high-heeled boot
s." So instead, I take three lovely and comfortable pieces, wear just a touch of makeup, and fix my hair just so, and am happy when I make it through the process relatively unscathed. (Which we did--the first travel day was wonderfully easy, for once.) I hadn't originally planned to make a tee for CW but she saw me making mine, so she asked if she could have one, too. I actually like hers better. :) The sweater was reviewed by me here, and I have to say it has held up well, and looks wonderful with a variety of different colors. Of course, this shade is nearly sold out (as is much over there at Boden). The Effortless suede boots were my go-to the entire time I was in Mississippi, and I was glad to have brought them. They are also almost completely sold out, but if you like them, I reviewed them here. The Madewell scarf I received for a song, as it was a popback sale item with an extra 25% off. The cords are a wonderful color, and even though I usually stay away from J. Crew pants, I have lucked out this season, since the ones I have bought have fit well and are special and unique. BTW, the whole day was very relaxing, a bit of shopping, a bit of eating, and a bit of visiting. The collection pencil skirt in windowpane was one of my favorites from the J. Crew Fall lookbook, but OMG, the original price was so expensive. I can see why they *wanted* to charge that amount, as this skirt is made from the softest virgin wool imaginable, but what J. Crew *should have* done was to mark it at a bit above what they wanted to get for it, and I guarantee they would have sold out immediately. Instead, the skirt sat in the sale section until it was priced where most of us could afford it. (And at 30% extra off, at least in my case.) The rest of the outfit is old, except for the shoes, which I mentioned in the last outfit. this one in silver, and one in a gold stripe. If I was only allowed to have two tees in my closet, I would immediately grab these two and not look back. I wanted to wear the Carriage coat dress again this year, and since I have plans to try it like it was styled by J. Crew (see here), but knew it wouldn't be cool enough to do so down there, I came up with the idea to wear it with lightweight leggings, some black boots, a tank (not shown), and the Madewell storyteller scarf. I wore the dress here last, while pregnant, so it is nice to see that even though it fit me then, it still works on me now (although the a-line shape is much more obvious now). The sweater is the dreaded dream v-neck sweater. For those of you who are not a JCA, the dream sweaters are dreaded because the fabric pills nearly immediately, usually if you decide to look at it the wrong way. Now I have no idea how I lucked out, but this year's version in this lovely heathered mint color has barely a pill on it. Sure, it is a bit "lofty" but I don't need to get out my sweater shaver and I have worn it at least three times since purchasing it (mainly lazing about the house, that's why this is the first time you have seen it on me). (I wore it last here, more traditionally.) Mother's. Now I know that this food looks kind of gross, but WOW, it certainly doesn't taste like that. In fact, as much as I enjoy cooking Cajun myself, and have done so for years, the food at Mother's is my personal holy grail, and if one day I can manage to cook a jambalaya like Jerry's jambalaya (my fork is pointing to it), I would be exceedingly thrilled. I also kind of dig what Angus is doing there in the back. Any quotes? It is from JC Penny's and looks and feels way more expensive than it actually is. I liked it so much that I went ahead and grabbed it in heather grey on Black Friday (it was almost half-off, so cheap went down to insanely inexpensive). I am wearing this in a small, and I would say it fits well (I wear a size xs in J. Crew for reference). Above is the polyvore of my packing list. Okay, that's all. Will be back later tonight with more.|Chinese Ambassador to the Philippines Ma Keqing at China's National Day Reception on Tuesday with DFA Acting Secretary Laura del Rosario. Photo by Willard Cheng, ABS-CBN News MANILA - Even with its looming change in leadership, China reiterated that it would keep its policy of “peaceful development.” China also expressed hope that its bilateral relations with the Philippines will go back to normal despite an ongoing territorial dispute. In a message during China’s National Day reception held Tuesday night, Chinese Ambassador to the Philippines Ma Keqing underscored the importance of Philippines as a neighbor to China. Ma said tensions between the Philippines and China have eased “in the last few months,” also citing the “important meeting” of Chinese Vice President Xi Jinping and Interior Secretary Mar Roxas. “I wish joint efforts will be continued with the aim of overcoming current difficulties and bringing the bilateral relations back to the track of normal development. I believe this is in the interests of both sides and is conducive to the peace and stability of our region,” Ma said during the celebration of the 63rd founding anniversary of the People’s Republic of China. Ma said that “friendly cooperation” between the two countries has led to “tangible benefits.” She cited “double-digit annual growth of trade, steadily increasing two-way investments as well as cultural and people-to-people exchanges.” This is despite China’s decision to ask the Philippines to pay back its official development assistance of around US$500 million to fund the North Rail project. Neverthless, Ma expressed confidence that China’s relations with China will continue to grow. “The Philippines is an important neighbor to China. Amicable interactions between the Chinese and the Philippine people have forged affinity and kinship, which has withstood the test of history and time,” Ma said. China gave an assurance that it would keep its policy of peaceful rise even with its looming 18th National Congress that would give way to a transition to a new leadership. Xi is the presumptive successor of Chinese President Hu Jintao. “There is no doubt that China’s basic state policy of peaceful development and opening to the outside world will remain unchanged. China will be all the more determined to go for peaceful development, follow the win-win strategy of opening up and implement the policy of good neighborliness with neighboring countries,” Ma said. Philippines 'hand-in-hand' with China In her response, Foreign Affairs Acting Secretary Laura del Rosario said the Philippines is looking forward to the “expansion” of the country’s trade with China, hoping that it “would double during the next four or five years.” “Being with good friends and neighbors, we are confident that no matter what challenges we face as neighbors or as a region, we would be working hand-in-hand with China,” del Rosario said. “As the People’s Republic of China celebrates its anniversary, we toast to its bright and strong future, a future where the Philippines and China will continue to be friends, will continue to be good neighbors and partners in development,” she added. Other Philippine officials who joined the reception were former President Fidel Ramos, Vice President Jejomar Binay, Defense Secretary Voltaire Gazmin, Presidential Adviser on the Political Affairs Ronald Llamas, Philippine Special Envoy to China Domingo Lee, Ilocos Norte Rep. Imelda Marcos, Manila Rep. Zenaida Angping, and Manila Mayor Alfredo Lim, among others.The first thing one learns in law school is that spell check is no longer helpful. It does not recognize a high proportion of the words needed to write about the law. One inevitably sits staring at words like “domiciliaries” for extended periods of time, comparing to a textbook or handout, making sure that it is actually spelled the way it is intended to be spelled so it can be added to the computer’s dictionary. I never bothered to add any of these words to my computer’s dictionary, so I stare at them for extended periods of time EVERY TIME I use them on my computer. And no, I don’t intend to add them. That’s what they want. It means that they win. Speaking of domiciliaries, let’s discuss them, just briefly. Did you know, if you are a Know what this means? This means that, despite having lived in Furthermore, you can’t get out of this state citizenship by moving overseas. Ever. I know, you moved overseas fifteen years ago and you never intend to live in this country again. Your computer chip should be flashing like mad. “Gone! Gone! Gone!” Nope. Still a citizen of the state you lived in before you left. “But I left! And I subjectively intend to live in Country X forever!” Tough. Still a citizen of your last state. Still can be sued there for anything you did anywhere. I always wondered how I could file tax returns as a non-resident resident ofI've made some notes for me for the lace carriage, with pictures. Kitty, as always, is right on hand to help. Dont move the needles beyond the needle bed. Use ravel cord to hold stitches, (this works really well). Take time to do it right. Use the lace carriage to do the stocking stitch. Yarn in the feeder, side levers forward and no punchard. It knits at a looser stitch than the main carriage. To tell the carriage where the pattern goes (starting from the back) : bring the white lever next to the card forward. Set the edge pins. on the carriage flick the side levers forward, and the dial to transfer. Increase and decreases can be done as normal, just move the edge pins to their new position and take the needle out of work (for decreases). All the pins do is stop the carriage from doing anything. Just do your increase/decrease and move the edge pins. then knit. If there's a needle, it will knit, if not it doesn't, so it doesn't matter where the edge pins are, all they do is stop patterning. Just remember to move them and take the needle out of work.It was the best of times and it was the worst of times, the best of times for the Bush Crime Family and the worst of times for America. The Bush Family played a large part in the formation of the Central Intelligence Agency and has ruled America since 1947. The recent CIA leaked “report” on Donald Trump’s depravity in Russia was prepared by an ex-British spy and given to the Democratic Party after Trump won the GOP nomination away from Jeb! Bush ending the Bush reign of terror. John McCain does the Bush Family’s dirty work According to Patrick Buchanan, the report was then funneled to John McCain who passed it on to the Republican FBI Director, James Comey. Trump's Enemies See an Opening “Fake news!” roared Donald Trump, the work of “sick people.” The president-elect was referring to a 35-page dossier of lurid details of his alleged sexual misconduct in Russia, worked up by a former British spy. A two-page summary of the 35 pages had been added to Trump’s briefing by the CIA and FBI — and then leaked to CNN. This is “something that Nazi Germany would have done,” Trump said. Here, basically, is the story. During the primaries, anti-Trump Republicans hired the ex-spy to do “oppo research” on Trump, i.e., to dig up dirt. The spy contacted the Russians. They told him that Trump, at a Moscow hotel in 2013, had been engaged in depraved behavior, that they had the films to blackmail him, and that Trump’s aides had been colluding with them. When Trump won the nomination, Democrats got the dossier and began shopping it around to the mainstream media. Some sought to substantiate the allegations. None could. So none of them published the charges. In December, a British diplomat gave the dossier to Sen. John McCain, who personally turned it over to James Comey of the FBI. Damning dossier was a hoax Zero Hedge is now reporting that the report was actually a hoax, but in the age of fake news no verification is required before attempting to destroy people’s lives, especially people on Trump’s team. 4Chan Claims To Have Fabricated Anti-Trump Report As A Hoax In a story that is getting more surreal by the minute, a post on 4Chan now claims that the infamous "golden showers" scene in the unverified 35-page dossier, allegedly compiled by a British intelligence officer, was a hoax and fabricated by a member of the chatboard as "fanfiction", then sent to Rick Wilson, who proceeded to send it to the CIA, which then put it in their official classified intelligence report on the election. Here is 4Chan's explanation of how the story came to light: >/pol/acks mailed fanfiction to anti-trump pundit Rick Wilson about trump making people piss on a bed obama slept in >he thought it was real and gave it to the CIA >the central intelligence agency of the united states of america put this in their official classified intelligence report on russian involvement in the election >donald trump and obama have both read this pol/acks fanfiction >the cia has concluded that the russian plans to blackmail trump with this story we made up just let that sink in what we have become. Fake reporter given unlimited access to W. Bush White House To understand just how egregious this “fake news” really is we need to go back to the George W. Bush Administration planting a “fake” reporter in their press briefings. Remember Jeff Gannon of Talon News who always was the go to guy to lob “fake news” questions to George Bush to make him look good? From Washington Blog: All-time most ridiculous ‘crisis actor’: President Bush’s gay male prostitute, Jeff Gannon, acting as White House ‘objective professional media’ to pimp US Wars of Aggression President George Bush, Jr. used a crisis actor as a very friendly White House reporter to pretend the US War on Terror was legitimate policy to a crisis rather than obvious unlawful War of Aggression all began on lies known to be false as they were told. As I wrote in 2010, George Jr. used gay male prostitute, Jeff Gannon, to act for two years that the US faced a crisis of terrorism in front of the world’s media. This is the most ridiculous use of a crisis actor: a US president’s gay male prostitute lover with zero press credentials entering the most elite media assignment at the White House to act that the “War on Terror” is real rather than staged. Most Americans are unaware that this gay male prostitute was allowed over 200 visits to the Bush White House between 2003 and 2005 with a “press pass” issued by White House leadership. According to Secret Service public records of check-in and check-out dates and times (here and here), most of the prostitute’s visits included several hours of time before and/or after press conferences, 32 times on days without press conferences, and 14 visits without checking-out in apparent overnight stays at the White House residence of Mr. Bush. Secret Service would ordinarily declare a security emergency and conduct a full search of the White House if their records indicated a person hadn’t checked-out at the end of a press conference. Apparently, this protocol wasn’t enacted because Mr. Gannon had permission to spend the night. Jeff Gannon’s employment was gay male prostitution; he had no previous experience as a journalist and no association with any media when he began attending White House press conferences. Jeff Gannon’s gay male website had multiple photos of his fully-naked shaved body, and advertises to prospective clients that his penis is eight inches in length and circumcised. The White House is the most difficult press conference in the world to attend, and only open to the most credentialed professionals from major media, yet Mr. Gannon received special White House permission without any connection to any media. Comedians do the job of reporters Where was the FBI and the CIA when a “fake reporter” who was a real prostitute was given unlimited access to the press room and White House and the President of the United States’ residence? How can the reports prepared by the CIA be trusted? How is it that America has to rely on comedians to deliver “real investigative” reports? George W. Bush wasn’t the first Bush to use “fake news” reports to bring America into war. George Bush Sr. also used “fake news” to sell the nation on his Iraq War. President George Bush, Sr. used one crisis actor and two outrageous lies for his unlawful war on Iraq in 1990: Crisis actor Nayirah, the daughter of Kuwait’s ambassador to the US, lied that she was a hospital volunteer and saw Iraq soldiers murder 312 infants by stealing incubators and throwing the infants onto the floor. Papa Bush and then Secretary of Defense Dick Cheney lied that US satellite photos showed Iraq military massed at the Saudi Arabian border ready to attack. These photos have never been shown due to claims of “national security,” while commercially available satellite photos show zero Iraq military presence. Trump banned from Britain The Bush Family could not have pulled off these capers without the assistance of the British Empire. Margaret Thatcher was there to assist George Sr. and Tony Blair provided the “sexed up” British intelligence that was used to sell America on war with Iraq. The British Empire under David Cameron attempted to derail Donald Trump campaign by banning Trump from Britain on “fake charges” clearing the way for Jebby Bush. Banned in Britain? Parliament debates keeping Trump out Britain's Parliament held a boisterous debate Monday on a proposal to ban Donald Trump from the country in a rebuke of his call to block Muslims from entering the United States. The topic drew plenty of support from the British lawmakers, who don't actually have the power to ban anyone. The debate did allow members of Parliament to vent their frustrations about Trump's comments... Trump raised the ire of British Prime Minister David Cameron after last month's terror attack in San Bernardino, Calif., by proposing to keep Muslims out until more rigorous security checks are in place. The Republican presidential hopeful also lashed out at the city of London, saying it has become so "radicalized" that police fear for their lives. It is no secret that the Bush Family was irate when Donald Trump took on Jeb during the primary and dispelled the “fake news” that George W. Bush kept America safe on his watch. With the Bush ties to the CIA any report such as that of the golden showers coming from the CIA leaks should be viewed with a high degree of skepticism. From The Horn News: Bush’s revenge! GOP’s plot to stop Trump Ever since the dawn of the television era, it has been every major presidential candidate’s best friend. I’m talking about the post-convention bounce... Unfortunately, that’s not going to be Donald Trump’s convention experience. Not by a longshot. Sure, there will be plenty of unhinged, left-wing nutjob protesters who will find their way to Cleveland for the convention, looking to cast a pall over it. But they’re not Trump’s biggest problem. It’s actually the GOP establishment that is trying to guarantee that the Republican National Convention will be a circus of negative publicity, much of it damaging to Trump... It is now a near certainty that there will be a push at the Republican National Convention to strip Trump of the nomination through a rules change. Before Trump even makes his first appearance at the podium, his campaign will be trying to contain the damage from this unprecedented coup d’etat. If that wasn’t bad enough, a series of high-profile Republicans have announced that they are skipping the convention completely, mostly to protest Trump. Just the short list includes the entire Bush family, Mitt Romney, Arizona Sen. John McCain, Michigan Governor Rick Snyder, and many, many more. As many as eight Republican Senators may miss the convention. And these no-shows are going to generate a constant current of negative media coverage, even during Trump’s better convention moments. Trump can’t trust spooks with his life Is it any wonder that Donald Trump has his own security detail? With all of America’s spy agencies leaking damning lies about Donald Trump prior to his inauguration, he’d be crazy to put his life in the hands of the Secret Service. Look at what happened to Ronald Reagan when a mentally ill man with ties to the Bush Family attempted to assassinate him. Who would have benefitted from a Reagan death? Bush Sr. that’s who. So the media is attempting to shame Trump into relieving his private security from their duties. From Vanity Fair: WILL PRESIDENT TRUMP KEEP HIS OWN PRIVATE SECURITY FORCES? “It’s playing with fire,” one former Secret Service agent says. Whether you believe Donald Trump should be taken seriously but not literally, or vice versa, there is no doubt the president-elect has his authoritarian tics—filling his Cabinet with generals and billionaires; promising to “open up libel laws” to make it easier to sue journalists; not giving a single press conference since the election and musing that he might do away with daily press briefings; giving his adult children prominent positions within his White House transition team; suggesting that post-campaign “victory rallies” could become a staple of his presidency. Then there are the habits that tend toward the authoritarian, such as Trump’s penchant for surrounding himself with his own private security forces—ex-cops and retired F.B.I. agents whose loyalty has earned them an unprecedented position of power alongside the Secret Service. Politico reports that Trump, who had hired his own private security and intelligence teams to work alongside the Secret Service during the campaign, will be keeping “at least some members” of those teams. Seems very prudent to me. So hang on America, we only have a week to go and our new President will be in the White House. But Trump hasn’t been resting on his laurels, he’s already hard at work. His nominees will be approved and he can roll up his sleeves and undo the sixteen horrible years of the Bush/Obama/CIA fiasco. January 20, 2017 will be the day Americans got their country back. The Trump wrecking ball will smash the GOP into bits and rebuild it into the once great party of Theodore Roosevelt. Bring out the champagne and ring in the New Year, Happy Days are here again. The Bush Family, the CIA and the British Empire’s war on Donald Trump will be lost. By Patricia BaetenThursday, May 26, 2011 Bismarck saga -- Luck runs out At 8:47 p.m. the British Swordfish flight catches up to the Bismarck. While the flight leader had planned to launch a coordinated attack, the worsening weather conditions and heavy AA fire from the Bismarck conspired to break up the attack into disjointed runs in small groups. Only one of the first 14 torpedoes fired hits the Bismarck, square amidships -- just like the Victorious strike -- and as in the previous case the German torpedo protection system and armor belt was enough to keep the damage from the small 18-inch aerial torpedo carried by the Swordfish to a minimum. Just as it appeared that the Bismarck might escape, the 15th Swordfish made its run. Fatefully, the Bismarck attempted to turn away from the torpedo, a maneuver that proved to be a mistake as instead of hitting the well-armored middle of the ship, the torpedo struck at the very stern of the ship. It would be decades later before the true nature of the damage suffered by this hit was discovered when Dr. Robert Ballard located the wreck. It appears that the blat jammed her starboard rudder right into the propeller shaft. It's also possible that the blast blew off the port rudder. The Germans didn't know what they were dealing with, but this was a scale of damage unrepairable at sea. The Bismarck was doomed. It was 9:05 p.m. At 9:30 p.m. the Sheffield runs up on the slowed Bismarck, which opens fire at 15,000 yards. No direct hits are scored on the cruiser, but splinters from near misses kill several crewmen and knock out the ship's radar set. The Sheffield is able to determine that the Bismarck is steering an erratic course, the first indication that the British have that their quarry may not escape after all. Just a few minutes alter, at 9:40 p.m. the Bismarck notifies Berlin of its plight.Please use this identifier to cite or link to this item: |Type:||Artigo de periódico| |Title:||Nanogravimetric study of lead underpotential deposition on selenium thin films as a semiconductor alloy formation procedure| |Author:||Cabral, M. F.| Calegaro, M. L. Machado, S. A. S. |Abst
ract:||An electrochemical quartz crystal microbalance Au electrode modified with a Se thin film was used to investigate the electrochemical behavior of lead ad-atoms using underpotential deposition (UPD) conditions. A specific quasi-reversible process was observed during the reduction of Pb2+ on Se thin films in perchloric acid media. The charge density of Pb ad-atoms on Se thin film (46.86 mu C cm(-2)) suggests a recovery of 0.1 monolayers, which is in good agreement with EQCM data. The Se thin film can be successfully alloyed with Pb atoms that are deposited by chronoamperometry using time intervals large enough to allow for diffusion toward the inner Se phase. Linear sweep voltammetry combined with EQCM in perchloric acid was used to characterize the amount of Pb absorbed in the Se thin film. These findings offer a new strategy for alloy formation in semiconductor films using UPD as an effective tool to quantify the exact amount of the incorporated metal.| |Editor:||Royal Society Of Chemistry| |Appears in Collections:||IB - Artigos e Materiais de Revistas Científicas| Items in DSpace are protected by copyright, with all rights reserved, unless otherwise indicated.Yesterday Grannywen and I went out to lunch. It was a bit of a magical mystery tour as she didn't have a clue as to what or where we were going! To be fair, I only had a half a clue as I needed to drive us there without a map so that she didn't suss it out! We arrived at the Mill at Gordleton and it was fabulous and magical to say the least, but more of that in another post! I returned home last night on the train, along with all the great unwashed but am now enjoying some sunshine before heading off into work this afternoon. No washing to hang out today as I didn't get up early enough but this LO shows a regular feature on my patio! Hopefully Grannywen will have managed to convey Barney back to the vet this morning for his second injection, she can't really tell the twins apart. Hopefully it's not Fred who went?? The vet suggested marking him up with nail polish which I grudgingly agreed to, and he was duly splodged with pink, but by the next day it had all come off so watch this space as to who went???? Amazingly, after his first visit on Friday his funny sniffle seemed to disappear so fingers crossed all is well.|LeBron is back in Cleveland. But can he bring with him| the success he had in Miami? Later this month, the NBA season will be underway. So let's look at how I ... the Sportz Assassin ... see the Eastern Conference unfolding (check the West here). Good: The Bulls are a tough bunch. They are defensively sound and won despite being limited offensively. They get Derrick Rose back, who looked great for Team USA. They also get Doug McDermott to be the off-ball scoring threat they've longed for. Oh, and Pau Gasol is a perfect compliment to Joakim Noah on the baseline. I really like this team. Bad: Rose has played just 49 games in three years for the Bulls. This is a decent team without him, but Rose turns them into a legit contender. Can you trust him to stay healthy? Good: You go from missing the playoffs to adding LeBron James and Kevin Love. How can it get any better than that? Oh yeah, you resigned Kyrie Irving to a long term deal and surround them all with guys like Mike Miller, Shawn Marion and Brandon Hayward. Bad: Aside from LeBron, none of their starters ... okay Anderson Varejao ... has played in the postseason. There will be an obvious learning curve that may stunt their growth at times. Plus, there will be a big honeymoon period right now so there isn't the pressure to bring home an immediate title like there was for LeBron in Miami. Good: The young Wizards finally found success last year and hung on to Marcin Gortat in free agency. They also added Paul Pierce, which gives them huge playoff experience as well as a guy that can rise to the occasion. Bad: Not much, except for the fact that they have arrived and are now expected to win. Can they handle that? Good: Kyle Lowry returns. So does a very talented and cohesive roster. DeMar DeRozan gained valuable experience with Team USA. Bad: No one will respect them, which is fine. While they are a team that plays together, do they have enough go-to guys to make a difference when the playoffs come around? Good: Miami isn't bare. They still have Chris Bosh (who could shine now that he is probably the top option), Dwyane Wade and Mario Chalmers. They added Luol Deng, Shabazz Napier and Josh McRoberts. Erik Spoelstra is a darn good coach who gets a chance to show it wasn't all about LeBron. Bad: Losing LeBron James will hurt any team, I don't care what the roster looks like. Wade looked really bad in the Finals and now you're asking him to carry more of a load. James carried the Heat during major stretches of the past two seasons. Who will do that now? Good: The Buzz is back! Also, they have Lance Stephenson who brings that key wing scorer they've been missing. The Hornets have a nice blend of go-to talent (Stephenson, Al Jefferson, Kemba Walker), young developing talent (Noah Vonaleh, Cody Zeller, Michael Kidd-Gilchrist, P.J. Hairston) and nice role guys (Bismack Biyombo, Brian Roberts, Jason Maxiel). Bad: Can you totally trust Stephenson? Especially since the last time we saw him he was blowing in LeBron's ear. While there is a lot of young talent, not all have panned out the way we thought. Good: A team with Kevin Garnett won't go out without a fight. This will be Joe Johnson's team, it seems. In the bad East, it won't take much for them to sneak into the playoffs. Bad: This is a franchise crumbling, it seems. The owner wants to sell, the aging roster is falling apart and injuries are always a threat. If Brook Lopez goes down again and Deron Williams can't get back to health, they will be in trouble. Good: Well, they're bringing back their logo from the 1980s. That's awesome. They're also bringing back the gang that took the top seeded Pacers to the brink of elimination in the first round. I love Adrian Payne and Thabo Sefolosha brings experience and defense. Bad: The Hawks are kind of stuck in this realm. Getting talent to come to Atlanta will be difficult with the scandal in the organization about ownership and Danny Ferry's actions. 9-NEW YORK KNICKS Good: The Raymond Felton era is over, again, in New York which is good for them. Jose Calderon could be a much better fit. The Carmelo Anthony era continues. Phil Jackson gets his first real crack at creating the roster as he sees fit. Bad: Tyson Chandler, though aged, had gone back to Dallas. Derek Fisher, fresh off the court, is the new head coach despite having zero coaching experience. Aside of Calderon, nothing was really added to this roster to make me think anything will change. Good: This team was the top seed last year and returns David West and George Hill. Bad: Paul George's leg broke and he'll miss the season. Lance Stephenson left via free agency. Roy Hibbert regressed last season and looks like a shell of himself. They brought in Rodney Stuckey and that's it. Good: Of all the "bad" teams in the East, the Pistons have the talent to stay out of the bottom of the standings. Andre Drummond, Brandon Jennings, Josh Smith and Greg Monroe is a better lineup than the teams below them. Stan Van Gundy isn't everyone's favorite coach, but he gets a lot out of his guys. Bad: They overpaid for Jodie Meeks and it is very debatable that the roster can't play together. With SVG running things in Motown, this may be the year he sees what he has and makes the big adjustments next offseason. Good: Rajon Rondo is still there. So is Brad Stevens. And the leprechaun. Let the Marcus Smart era begin. Bad: Rondo is hurt again and probably is on the way out once Danny Ainge gets a deal he likes. Despite being in tanking mode, they really don't have much in the way of big time young talent outside of Smart. Good: Nikola Vucevic is one of the best young centers in the NBA. Aaron Gordon will make Orlando fans remember the days of big time dunkers like Dwight Howard and Shaq. I like Elfrid Payton a lot and want to see how he plays with Victor Oladipo. Bad: Channing Frye is a nice pickup if he can stay healthy and add something more than his shooting. Will Oladipo and Payton clash? Good: Jabari Parker is there and he gets to run the show. I like Giannis Antetokounmpo and think those two will form a nice tandem for the future, along with John Henson. There's other talent there to keep them afloat. Bad: But not enough. Plus I'm not a fan of how they handled the coaching situation. Jason Kidd takes over a young team and not the experienced team he had in Brooklyn last season. Is he good enough to make that difference. Good: Draft speak here, but they have a lot of assets. While this team isn't very good right now, they do have guys like Michael Carter Williams, Nerlens Noel and Joel Embiid. Bad: Beyond that, not much. This is the plan for the 76ers, to get really bad and get a young nucleus similar to what Oklahoma City did.Let's compare the snow we have today with what we had during the last snowstorm on December 19. First a Dec. 19 pic, followed by one from today, Feb. 6. (click on a pic to embiggen) And now the back yard. First Dec. 19, then today. Definitely more snow today. I love the large wall on the railing of our deck in the back yard. It's about two feet high.The moment I decided to become a beauty blogger was the moment that changed my life for the better and worse. Blogging has been great because I get to disseminate information on my areas of expertise to a very captive audience and the continued positive response gives me the juice to continue writing away! But if only there was just writing involved – there are the beauty launch events that happen from week to week, there must be time to build in play time with many beauty products along with a host of other responsibilities that come with this fulfilling, but time consuming passion. I say all of this to show you exactly why sleep is now a luxury for me and no longer the norm. Before the big Health & Happiness – hosted by Dr. Mehmet Oz was held at the famed Rockefeller Center this past February, beauty bloggers were given the chance to interview the presenters, one of whom was Dr. Michael Breus, also known as The Sleep Doctor. I spoke with Dr. Breus because I wanted to really understand the relationship between sleep and beauty and get him to answer the question if the lack of sufficient sleep really does affect us negatively. Without skipping a beat, the good doctor said “yes”. According to Mayo Clinic, adults are to get seven to nine hours of sleep. Do you get this much sleep? Although I’m hard-pressed to honor the Mayo Clinic’s recommendation, it’s been beyond challenging. If you’re burning the candle at both ends with family, work or schooling and are sleep-deprived, you’re giving the aging monster carte blanche to do it’s dirty work on you by producing sagging and lackluster skin, giving you puffy eyes and creating fine lines & dark circles under your eyes. I’ve seen all of the following on myself in photos except the fine lines & dark circles where sleep that week was at an absolute minimum – needless to say I was horrified. For the last few months I’ve latched onto two eye products that help keep dark under eye circles at bay and keep my eyes looking firm and lifted – Dr. Lewinn by Kinerase 1) Under Eye Recovery & 2) Lift & Resculpt Anti-Wrinkle Eye Cream. Now faced with knowledge of the effects of sleep deprivation, will you make a good faith effort to carve out the proper amount of time needed to help you look and feel your best every day? I’ll do it if you will.How beautiful, even in death... I once read a Calvin and Hobbes strip where Calvin finds a dead bird outside of his home. The bird was drawn so starkly and beautifully, ink on a pure white background, that the bird almost looked like it was sleeping. Today, I sat on the steps of our deck, next to the small, lifeless body of a bird just like the one in the comic strip. No doubt it had tried to fly straight through our house, unknowingly crashing into our large window and plummeting to its death. I sat looking at the bird, and thought – how beautiful, that even in death, its wings are folded just so, its eyes closed, feet tucked neatly into its body. When I die, what will I look like?What was the scope of their involvement? I engaged Arty Geek for a complete UI refresh of what had been built to date. They also undertook frontend and backend development for the platform. One reason for selecting Arty Geek was the fact that my project was developed for the Azure platform using the .NET framework. Arty Geek mentioned this as a strong area for them, which has proved to be true. We used HTML5 and AngularJS 2.0 on the frontend. The initial scope revolved around building a simple landing page, recruiter-profile pages, and search results, along with insular elements like sign-up and sign-in screens. From there, we moved quickly and broadly out to include the job seeker profile pages, activity feeds, as well as footer components like About Us, Developer, and FAQ pages. We've also started building a job posting feature. The platform has become quite robust in a short amount of time. The landing pages feature great and fast-loading animations, which is also true for the search pages. The recruiter profiles have a Net Promoter Score attached to them, which animate when search results come up. We've built out numerous APIs, including a Google API for capturing user locations, a SendGrid API for outgoing email, as well as the basic frontend and backend APIs between the application and the Azure database. Arty Geek has been managing the Azure infrastructure, replacing my previous database admin. They've also assisted in getting our Google Analytics set up. It's become a broad relationship, and it's my intention to make it a long-term partnership. How did you come to work with Arty Geek? I put out a job on Upwork and had several UI design companies come forward. Each one was asked to submit initial designs detailing the conceptual direction they were looking to take. I was particularly impressed with the work done by Arty Geek, so I selected them for the job. The look and feel provided in their work stood out among the various other concept designs I was given, and that's what was important to me. I wanted something dynamic, modern, and inviting, and Arty Geek nailed it on the first try. How much have you invested with Arty Geek? The estimate for the initial UI refresh was $26,000, but Arty Geek came in at $21,000. To date, I have paid them $32,830. What is the status of this engagement? I started working with Arty Geek in August 2016. They continue to provide support and ongoing development.Advanced Micro Devices (NASDAQ:AMD) recently launched its EPYC server processors for data centers. The processors outperform Intel's (NASDAQ:INTC) current generation of processors and are supported by partners across the product ecosystem. Operating system providers are showing a strong support for optimization. Server space players also are showing a strong interest in EPYC because of process technology support and dense server capabilities. This launch gives industry players an opportunity to end Intel's command in the server market. Following are some of the reasons why we believe AMD will hurt Intel in the server space. Performance and memory bandwidth In 2-Sockets, EPYC has higher performance, ranging from 23% to 70%, across all price entry points. In 1S configuration, Advanced Micro Devices displayed a boost in a range of 21-63%. Regarding memory bandwidth, Intel's current offerings lag behind Advanced Micro Devices' equivalent. The AMD EPYC 7601 system on chip (SoC) beats Intel Xeon processor E5-2690 v4 CPU in memory bandwidth by 146% on 2P servers. Performance per watt EPYC is looking at a performance per watt gain of 1.54x for integer performance and 1.76x for floating point performance. Now, as its performance per watt is lower as compared to Intel's current best-in-class 2P E5-2699A v4, material TCO gains will be a selling point for EPYC. Reduced total cost of ownership EPYC allows data centers to fit more severs in a relatively smaller space, which can have a material impact on TCO. AMD claims that 1-Socket scalable capabilities of the processor can result in 20% capex savings for data center clients. Note that EPYC eliminates the need for additional motherboards for scaling I/O and memory. Another key thing to note here is the ecosystem. Server markets are driven by support ecosystem. It was always a concern whether Advanced Micro Devices could build a decent ecosystem for its EPYC offerings. The company has done well, given the fact that partners across industries are on board. Its partners include server OEMs, ODMs and cloud infrastructure providers. Optimization support from server operating system providers is also a success for AMD. Incentive for price competition Players in the server market have a very strong incentive to initiate price competition. This was not possible before, given Intel's superior performance fueled by the node lead. The launch of EPYC has changed that, as AMD demonstrated superior performance. Leapfrogging process technology Enterprise clients, including public cloud providers, have a decision to make. They can either go with Purley, which is launching soon, or they can opt for 14nm EPYC parts. Going with EPYC can allow clients to leapfrog process technology later to jump onto 7nm. Note that AMD's next-generation products are expected to be based on GlobalFoundries' 7nm process technology. This is the primary reason Intel doesn't hold a clear advantage with its 10nm launch. Disclosure: I/we have no positions in any stocks mentioned, and no plans to initiate any positions within the next 72 hours. I wrote this article myself, and it expresses my own opinions. I am not receiving compensation for it. I have no business relationship with any company whose stock is mentioned in this article.Presented by the History Department of the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill Dr. William P. Jones University of Wisconsin-Madison Associate Professor, History About William P. Jones: Jones is a historian of the 20th century US with a particular interest in race, class and work. February 17th, 2010 Hitchcock Multipurpose Room Sonya Haynes Stone Center Free & Open to the Public Reception & Book Signing Following Talk Sponsored by the Sonja Haynes Stone Center, UNC School of Law, Office of Diversity and Multicultural Affairs through the Diversity Incentive Fund, and the Johnston Center for Undergraduate Excellence.The Government has accepted the finding that there be no change to the existing provisions and policy approach to medallic recognition for Australian Defence Force members who served with Operation GATEWAY. Parliamentary Secretary for Defence, Senator David Feeney said the Defence Honours and Awards Appeals Tribunal (the Tribunal) found that the existing recognition is appropriate for Australian Defence Force members who served with Operation GATEWAY. “Operation GATEWAY commenced in 1981 and is carried out by Royal Australian Air Force maritime patrol aircraft. The operation involves the conduct of maritime surveillance patrols over the Northern Indian Ocean and the South China Sea,” Senator Feeney said. Royal Australian Air Force members who deployed on Operation GATEWAY prior to 31 December 1989 may be awarded the Australian Service Medal with Clasp ‘SE ASIA’ for this service, provided they are not also entitled to the Australian Service Medal 1945-75 with Clasp ‘SE ASIA’ for previous service in South-East Asia. “The Australian Government accepts the Tribunal’s finding that these entitlements should not change, and this matter demonstrates the Government’s commitment to the independent review of Defence honours and awards issues,” Senator Feeney said. In addition, the Tribunal has developed four principles to govern eligibility for awards in relation to Australian Defence Force service in South-East Asia from 1945 to the present. These are detailed in the Tribunal’s report. The Tribunal’s full report is available at http://defence-honours-tribunal.gov.au/ More information on Defence honours and awards is available at http://www.defence.gov.au/medals/ Senator Feeney's Office: Jeffrey von Drehnen (02) 6277 3415 or 0477 348 476 Defence Media Operations (02) 6127 1999Smith Exclusive: Stay 4, Pay 3 Destinations in Argentina This sultry southern city has been igniting the passions of tango dancers, gringos and steak fans since South America’s colonial days... World-besting wines may lure most visitors to this arid spot in the Cuyo region, but the snow-capped Andean peaks, elegant city and vast, seasonally tinged countryside charm as much as the drinkable delicacies. Flatteringly known as ‘Salta la linda’ (Salta the pretty one), this is a peak-filled place that’s one heck of a charmer... Roll up, roll up and take the ultimate ringside seat for the wild-eyed wilderness circus that is mountain-bound, lake-hugging San Martin de los Andes... From the blog Tales from our travels The Porteño Suites at the Argentine capital’s 90-room Faena Hotel were born with passion in mind. Romantic red and glam gold hues rule in the living area, with luxe materials from leather to marble and crystal. The crisp white bed is topped with an artisanal fur throw; Philippe Starck designed the freestanding tub in the glass-walled bathroom. Sumptuous scarlet and white styling is the go across the awe-inspiring wining and dining spots, from antique-strewn, informal El Mercado to upscale El Bistro. The Pool Bar sports crown-shaped fountains; El Cabaret is the sultry tango club; Faena Spa seduces with a hammam.Dallas, the king of the shootout in the first season of the breakaway competition, has lost its touch. The Stars fell to 1-5 when Brad Boyes scored in the second round and Ty Conklin guessed right and foiled Stephane Robidas to close out a 4-3 victory on Wednesday night. "I kind of guessed he was going to shoot low," Conklin said after the Blues improved to 3-1 in their last four after sinking to the bottom of the Central Division. "This game was pretty important for the position we're in." Brad Richards scored for Dallas in the first round, but Andy McDonald countered for St. Louis. Dallas' Mike Ribeiro hit the goal post with his second-round attempt, and Boyes scored through Marty Turco's pads to give the Blues the edge before Conklin's save. The Stars were a League-best 12-1 in shootouts in 2005-06, the first season they were used to decide games tied after overtime. The magic is gone. "It's a big part of the game and we do put emphasis on it in practice," forward James Neal said after returning from a two-game league suspension. "We've got to bear down and find a way to win that extra point. It's so big." Robidas and Toby Petersen twice gave Dallas the lead in the first period, but the Blues pulled even each time on goals by Eric Johnson and David Backes. T.J. Oshie's goal with 9:00 remaining in regulation put the Blues in front for the first time, but Brenden Morrow beat Conklin with 25.4 seconds left and Marty Turco on the bench for a sixth attacker. "It was a sloppy game. We started out doing what we wanted to do, but for some reason we decided not to do it anymore," Richards said. "That's not how we wanted to play. We started turning pucks over and not doing what we did in the first 10 minutes. We weren't going to keep them to zero shots for the whole game." Johnson's goal came on the power play, snapping St. Louis' 0-for-19 drought with the man advantage. The Blues started the night last in the league on the power play at over 12 percent. "Our power play hasn't been clicking lately but the attitude tonight was to work hard and get the pucks and play with a 5-on-5 mentality," Oshie said. Before the game, the Stars honored team executive and former player Brett Hull, one of the newest members of the Hockey Hall of Fame. Team owner Tom Hicks announced that Hull, who
walked onto the ice holding the Stanley Cup, will become the first member of the Stars Walk of Legends. Hull played for the Blues from 1987-98 before signing as a free agent with the Stars, helping Dallas win the 1999 Cup. Material from wire services and team media was used in this reportNTH Mobile’s carrier-grade mobile messaging solution provides simple and quick integration of mobile interaction services into B2B, B2C and C2C environments. Hundreds of millions of messages are sent each year over our infrastructure. Get single point of access to 1000+ operators worldwide, competitive pricing, 24/7 technical support and live testing solution. Our mobile messaging solution is packed with variety of features: - Fast, secure and industry standardized API connection - Real time delivery reports - Free choice origin support - Number portability support - Prepaid, postpaid, volume-based pricing - Enterprise short codes, virtual mobile numbers, 2-way SMS. For more information contact us. Find out more information about mobile messaging on NTH Mobile web site.The color is deeply-hued, bordering on opaque black-purple. The nose showcases the aromatic pedigree found in these wonderful Portuguese grape varietals combined with our artisan fortification brandy. Complex, sweet spice and herbal elements of mace, anise, candied ginger and wintergreen, soar aromatically above the deeper fruit scents which can best be described as fresh-baked blueberry pie. The flavors are a port lover’s tour-de-force, with a dynamic flavor profile of cassis liqueur, wild elderberry and rich, decadent dark chocolate. Drier and more structured than Ruby, our 2007 Violeta Portuguese-style port is capable of being cellared similar to a fine Vintage port. Gold Medal - Orange County Wine Competition :: Bronze Medal - Central Coast Wine Competition Sourced exclusively from the Glenrose Vineyard 53% Touriga * 28% Souzao * 19% Tinta Cao Each varietal is fermented separately in small stainless steel tanks. Frequent punch-downs and pump-overs of the fermenting must is performed daily until reaching between 12 - 15 brix, when the must is pressed, fortification to 18 - 19% Alc. finishes the process. Aging takes place in 10 year old barriques for approximately 2 years prior to being bottled.NEW Video: Paul Getting #OutThere in Albany As the first leg of the U.S. summer 'Out There' tour comes to a close in Kansas City, PaulMcCartney.com takes a closer look at Paul's recent gig at the Times Union Center in Albany, New York. As the waiting crowd gather round a piano and warm up their voices, we head inside in search of Paul. Behind-the-scenes, we catch up with a fan meeting with Paul, just before he takes to the stage. The second leg of the 'Out There' U.S. summer tour will resume 2nd August in Minneapolis. We'd love to hear some of your favourite moments from Paul's 'Out There' tour in the comments below...Andrew Jackson Donelson to Sam Houston, November 12, 1847 I must confess that I cannot see in the points of the war a proportionate reward for its cost. Is not a line giving us the bay of Francisco and running thence west to the Rio Grande and down this stream to the Gulf, enough for us? This line can be justified in a military point of view, and is one which Mexico ought to give up to enable us to keep the Indians from her settlements. My idea is that the defense of this line and the blockade of the Mexican ports is a more _______ [?] measure than a continued war with the Guerillas of that country, and more politic of us against the supposition Andrew Jackson Donelson to Sam Houston, November 12, 1847. Andrew Jackson Houston Papers #3654, Archives and Information Services Division, Texas State Library and Archives Commission.Personal Structures, 55th Biennale di Venezia Curated by Karlyn De Jongh & Sarah Gold 01.06.2013 – 24.11.2013 Anlässlich der 55. Venedig Biennale nimmt André Wagner an der Gruppenausstellung „Personal Structures“ teil. On th occassion of the 55th La Biennale di Venezia André Wagner is participating in the group show „Personal Structures“. VIP Pre-view Party: May 28 (auf Einladung/ By invitation only) Pre-view Party: May 29 (auf Einladung/ By invitation only) Eröffnung/Opening: May 30/31,18:00 – 22:00 h (für die Öffentlichkeit offen/ Open to public) Palazzo Bembo/ Global Art Affairs Foundation Öffnungszeiten: täglich, 10:00 – 19:00 h/ Opening hours: daily, 10:00 – 19:00 h Ausstellungsraum/ Exhibition space: Adresse/ Address: Second floor / Riva del Carbon # 4793 30124 Venedig/ Venice/ Italy Tel/ Phone: Sarah Gold +39 349 088 9763 www.palazzobembo.org . email@example.com The invited artists for 2013 are: Chul Hyun Ahn (KOR), Yoshitaka Amano (JPN), Alice Anderson (GBR), Jan-Erik Andersson (FIN), Axel Anklam (DEU), Yifat Bezalel (ISR), Djawid Borower (DEU), Faiza Butt (PAK), Mimmo Catania (ITA), Chen Ping (CHN), Canal Cheong Jagerroos (CHN), Genia Chef (KAZ), Karlyn De Jongh (NLD), Scott Eady (NZL), Toshikatsu Endo (JPN), Carole Feuerman (USA), Cristiana Fioretti (ITA), Dale Frank (AUS), Chris Fraser (USA), Marc Fromm (DEU), Sally Gabori (AUS), Jakob Gasteiger (AUT), Darryn George (NZL), Selby Ginn (AUS), David Goldenberg (GBR), Gotthard Graubner (DEU), Kimberley Gundle (ZAF), Laura Gurton (USA), Patrick Hamilton (CHL), Anne Herzblut (DEU), Per Hess (NOR), The Icelandic Love Corporation (ISL), Hirofumi Isoya (JPN), Sam Jinks (AUS), Grzegorz Klatka (POL), Mehdi-Georges Lahlou (FRA), James Lavadour (USA), Helmut Lemke (DEU), Luce (LTU), Heinz Mack (DEU), Michele Manzini (ITA), Christopher Martin (USA), Christian Meger (CHE), Herre Methorst (NLD), David Middlebrook (USA), Atelier Morales (CUB), Peter Simon Mühlhäußer (DEU), Hermann Nitsch (AUT), Yoko Ono (JPN), Roman Opalka (FRA), Otto Piene (DEU), Triny Prada (FRA), Qin Chong (CHN), Stefanus Rademeyer (ZAF), Nicola Rae (GBR), Arnulf Rainer (AUT), Bogdan Rata (ROU), Thomas Riess (AUT), Rene Rietmeyer (NLD), Yhonnie Scarce (AUS), Wilhelm Scherübl (AUT), Dmitry Shorin (RUS), Nitin Shroff (IND), Monika Thiele (DEU), Michele Tombolini (ITA), Stefan Toth (CZE), Suh Jeong Min (KOR), VALIE EXPORT (AUT), Elena & Vitaliy Vasiliev (UKR), Ben Vautier (FRA), Raphael Vella (MLT), André Wagner (DEU), Xing Xin (CHN), Plamen Yordanov (BGR), Zhang Yu (CHN). During the next 55th International Art Exhibition, La Biennale di Venezia 2013, we will organize at Palazzo Bembo our exhibition “PERSONAL STRUCTURES”. The exhibition will open the first of June and run until 24 November 2013. The exhibition brings together an extraordinary combination of established artists next to artists whose oeuvre is less known. What they have in common is a dedication to the concepts Time – Space and Existence. The exhibition is curated and organized by the Global Art Affairs Foundation. Each artist in the exhibition presents recent artworks, either site-specific, especially made for this exhibition, or coming directly from the artist’s studio. Several rooms in Palazzo Bembo are dedicated to one single artist and some rooms are presenting 2 or 3 artists. Their strong statements give each of the rooms a very specific atmosphere. The exhibition features a broad variety of artistic media, such as: videos, sculptures, paintings, photos, installations with light, wallpaper and performance. Since the participating artists originate from diverse cultures and are of very different age, Time – Space and Existence are highlighted from unusual points of view. PERSONAL STRUCTURES therefore stimulates a more conscious relation from the spectator towards his daily surrounding and aims to increase the awareness of their own personal Existence as human beings within a specific Space and Time. The exhibition PERSONAL STRUCTURES is part of an international art project. It was initiated in 2002 by the Dutch artist Rene Rietmeyer, who noticed that even in the most distant corners of the world, there are artists working with Time – Space and Existence, thereby expressing themselves in a very personal way. This observation led to the idea of bringing several of these artists together in publications, exhibitions and symposia. A 200-pages exhibition catalogue, as well as a 448-pages book about the project, PERSONAL STRUCTURES, containing the thoughts of several of the exhibiting artists, will be available. Personal Structures, with André Wagner, 55th Biennale di Venezia, Venice/ITThe selection of your fantasy baseball squad name always poses a challenge. Here are some team names I've used in the past:Angry Little ElvesThe DL SquadMelanie suggests: Peanuts and Cracker JacksWhatever you choose, don't take Overpaidfreeagents as your moniker because that's my team.Good luck! I can't even rename my blog. Good luck! what is fantasy baseball? Post a CommentFull Length of Narcopolis in HD QualityNow you can download full Narcopolis in HD quality with duration 96 Min and has been launched in 2015-10-02 and MPAA rating is 10. - Original Title : Narcopolis - Movie title in your country : Narcopolis - Year of movie : 2015 - Genres of movie : Thriller, Mystery, Science Fiction, - Status of movie : Released - Release date of movie : 2015-10-02 - Companies of movie : T Squared Film, - Countries of movie : United Kingdom, - Language of movie : English, - Durationof movie : 96 Min - Average vote of movie : 4.6 - Youtube ID of movie : mU33nMkKygA - Translation of movie : EN,IT,FR,RO,SV,PT,EL,ES,DA, - Actors of movie :Elliot Cowan (Frank Grieves), Elodie Yung (Eva Gray), Jonathan Pryce (Sidorov), Robert Bathurst (Nolan), James Callis (Todd Ambro), Cosima Shaw (Ellen Ambro), Molly Gaisford (Angie Grieves), Louis Trefgarne (Ben), Gethin Anthony (Herb), Harry Lloyd (Ambro Scientist), Josef Altin (Ambro Trader) Movie synopsis of Narcopolis : Full Narcopolis in Best Video Format with movie plot "In the near future, Frank, a police officer, discovers that the legalization of all recreational drugs comes with a price." in top video format. Free Narcopolis in Top Video Format by clicking the download link. Enjoy movie with title Narcopolis full and free movie streaming in best quality. Enjoy movie with title Narcopolis free an fun at here. Today, you could see that hundreds a huge number of people in search of free Narcopolis movie watching it on their sweat home with internet connection. Possibly be happy, you could reach tons of happy members exactly who became fed up with waiting with regard to dvds from the mail, and anyone can watch at no cost Narcopolis. You will get new on-line movie, and obtain it for free in our own site. It can be fast, simple, free and in addition to look at. Enjoy now Narcopolis on the internet movie with no downloading. You can view online movie streaming throughout HD excellent in 96 Min length. Enjoy trailer movie and as well full film of Narcopolis go through the button below to observe these film. ... Free Streaming Narcopolis in HD Video 720p ... Director : Justin Trefgarne, Writer : Justin Trefgarne, Producer : Daniel-Konrad Cooper, Producer : Elliot Cowan, Producer : Justin Trefgarne, Producer : Paula Turnbull, Producer : Eldar Tuvey, Music : Aleah Morrison, Music : Matthew Wilcock, Director of Photography : Christopher Moon, Editor : Jo Dixon, Editor : Robbie Morrison, Casting : Manuel Puro, Production Design : Paul Booth, Production Design : Takis, Art Direction : Emily Durtnall, Art Direction : Anthony Noble, Art Direction : Sara Polonghini, Costume Design : Cecile Van Dijk, Script Supervisor : Rebecca E. Daly Sure, now you can view movie of Narcopolis fully length and obtain the url to this movie Narcopolis in best look.The 2017 UNC Charlotte International Festival will be held on Saturday, Saturday, October 14, 2017. All activities will take place in and around the Barnhardt Student Activity Center on campus at UNC Charlotte. See "Directions" for location details. Please note that the SAMPLE schedule below is from last year's event. Check back this Fall for updates on the 2017 program schedule! Download a Printable Map of International Festival Booths, Locations, and Activities from 2016. Download a Printable Version of the International Festival Schedule from 2016. |10AM - 6PM||Ethnic Display Group Demonstrations||Inside & Outside| |International Game Zone||Outside - Upper Lawn| |10AM - 5PM||Passport Project||Lobby| |10AM - 11AM||Ceol na Gael (Irish Pipe Band)||Inside & Outside| |11AM - 6PM||Ethnic Foods Available||Inside & Outside| |11AM - 12PM||Obakunle Akinlana - African Folk Tales||Outside Stage| |12PM||Festival of Music and Dance||Arena Floor| |12PM - 2PM||Robert Wilusz (Strolling Accordion)||Inside & Outside| |12PM - 6PM||Customized Distance Plates||Inside| |1PM - 2PM||Celtic Folk Band (Irish Band)||Inside Stage| |Corky Magic Show I||Inside| |1PM - 3PM||Steel Vibrations (Caribbean Steel Drums)||Outside Stage| |2PM||Parade of Nations||Arena Floor| |3PM - 4PM||Hula Carolina||Inside Stage| |Corky Magic Show II||Inside| |3:45PM||Festival of Music and Dance||Arena Floor| |5PM - 6PM||Trabucos Latin Band (Afro-Cuban/Caribbean Music Group)Kingpin Trailer Sales Inc 1628 S Commerce St Kingpin Trailer Sales Llc was founded in 1992. Kingpin Trailer Sales Llc specializes in Retail - Trucks, Tractors, And Trailers: Used. by dandb on October 30, 2015 from Information from the business Kingpin Trailer Sales sells, rents and repairs trailers since 1985. We've been doing it for 25 years. We believe in great service and a great price. Call us today. 856-484-2391 by localcom on September 09, 2016 from Privacy & TermsTraditionally, vocals are added to the Shona musical mix by both mbira players and listeners. The kushaura (lead) singer is often one of the mbira players or a vocalist who is a member of the mbira group. Kutsinhira, also called mabvumira or kudaira, response vocals may be added by other mbira players or anyone else present. Huro (singing) includes mahon'era - low-pitched syllabic singing without meaning; chigure/magure - high pitched syllabic singing without meaning, including yodelling; and song texts. Mbira song texts vary in length from a few words to lengthy poems. Texts may include both lyrics specific to a certain mbira piece and lyrics which may be sung with any mbira piece. Some texts are ancient wisdom in "deep Shona," while others may be contemporary personal commentary on current events. Non-musical Shona oral literature such as tsumo (proverbs) and nhetembo (praise poetry) may be included in mbira singing. Singing during the course of an mbira piece may be a collection of "one-liners," a cohesive text, or both. Meaning of mbira lyrics is often symbolic, and listeners interpret it in a variety of ways - which may or may not include the meaning intended by the singer. Mahon'era and magure singing styles use the voice as a musical instrument, imitating the mbira melodies, and responding and interweaving with them. The mbira singer enjoys great freedom of personal expression, both in text content and musical improvisation. Shona traditional belief is that mbira singing, and well as mbira playing and mbira dancing are inspired in the individual directly from the spirits. Use these "vocables", which have no meaning, to sing along with melodic lines you hear on the mbira: Pronunciation: a as in father, e as in they, i as in free, o as in hoe, u as in who Used most for bass lines: ha, he, hi, ho, hu, hiya, heya, huwa, hereha Examples of combinations: ha hiya he, heya ha hu, ha huwa huwa Example of combination: nda nde nde nde Used most in high shaura (lead) singing: iye (yodelling from high to low), ngore (from low to high pitch), iya, aye, iyere, ayere, iyerere, iyare ayowe, ayowerere, iyowerere, iyo, yu, ya, o, ye Used any time: wo, woye ALL of the above can be combined in many ways!Written and adapted for the screen by Tony Burgess and directed by Bruce McDonald the 2008 film Pontypool feels like a demented Monty Python sketch on acid. It is clever, witty, and funny. It is also a brilliant exercise in suspense and horror. The film promises so much in the beginning and continues to make these promises right up to the last quarter of the film. Then (a little like the 2010 film Insidious) it discards its brilliant beginning and shows us the ‘monster.’ Considering that the film was made in Canada by Canadians it’s no real surprise that the ‘big bad’ of the film turns out to be the English language. Without sounding too racist (I hope) it makes a sort of ironic sense coming from a country that has two national languages. One of which is French. French is still touted as the ‘sophisticated’ language (mainly by the French) and the French are still slightly pissed that it is no longer considered the ‘international’ language that it once was. English has taken over as the ‘international’ language, which is slightly surprising considering it is seen to be harder to learn that the Chinese Mandarin language. Still language plot points aside, the film is a good one. We join DJ Grant Mazzy (Stephen McHattie) on his drive to work. Work is a small suburban radio station that he’s just started at. Grant was a ‘Shock-Jock’ at his last job and it got him fired. Working for Sydney Briar (Lisa Houle) the radio’s producer and manager is a major ‘drop’ in his status. The only other person in the radio station is Laurel-Ann Drummond (Georgina Reilly) who is the station’s technician, switchboard operator and all around chief cook and bottle washer. She also is a big fan of Grant’s. That station producer Sydney doesn’t like Grant is obvious from the moment she walks into the station. Grant has little love to give in return as he drinks his scotch and coffee while presenting his show. While talking to their ‘eye in the sky’ traffic reporter, who in reality is not in the sky at all but is parked on a hill in his car, they are told that a ‘mob’ of people have surrounded a Dr’s office in the town. This same mob, apparently blows up and the survivors start moving towards the radio station. A transmission in French breaks into the radio stations live broadcast. Laurel-Ann translates it and the message is that they should stop talking in English and to not use ‘terms of Endearment’ such as honey or sweetheart. At this point in the film, we can only hear what Grant, Sydney and Laurel-Ann hear from the various ‘eye in the sky’ reports and phone calls into the station. We can hear through the calls, the sounds of everything that is going on around the caller. It makes for a suspenseful ride. Steven McHattie really sells Grant Mazzy. His reactions, rants and realisations are brilliant. It is his presence that makes the film feel all too real. If the film had continued in the vein that it had started, it could have quickly become a classic horror film. Unfortunately the creators decided to ‘show’ the infected crowds and bring the violence and gore into the radio station. It doesn’t harm the film when they do this, but it does rob it of it’s brilliant suspense and mounting horror. Overall, I loved the film. And I might be the only one who noticed this, but towards the very end of the film when Grant and Sydney are playing their word association game in an attempt to “save the world” isn’t that a direct reference to the 1974 film Rhinoceros? A film that could be Pontypool’s spiritual twin? - Phase 4 Likes Things A Little Bit Zombie (dreadcentral.com) - ‘Byzantium’ Stills Get Bloody In Horror Bites (moviesblog.mtv.com) - Biting Bunny Footwear – The Monty Python Killer Rabbit Slippers by Think Geek are Hilarious (TrendHunter.com) (trendhunter.com) - Terry Gilliam’s daughter posts ‘Monty Python’ cutouts and other archival gems online (theverge.com) - Movie Review: Pontypool (scottkenemore.wordpress.com) - The Trillium 25 Interview: Tony Burgess – A Q&A with the author of Idaho Winter (walrusmagazine.com)By Jake Schroer Crow River News Sports The Knights hockey team came out on the wrong side of a couple of hard fought games last week. In Monticello, the Knights played at the Moose Sherritt Arena against the Moose, a co-op between Maple Lake, Monticello and Annandale. After no scoring in the first period, the Knights broke through in the second on a Brett Marshall goal (assist by Mitch Bourgerie). Strong play by the Knights through the first two periods was highlighted by a lopsided shot count (19-8 through two). This trend continued in the third, with the Knights getting another 14 shots on goal for a total of 33. However, despite being outshot almost two to one, the Moose put a couple in the net when it counted the most. The first came from Oliver Winsor to tie the game in the third (assists by Drew Brockman, Colton Jones). The eventual game winning goal came not even 40 seconds later, scored by Brooke Evans (assists by Jones, Justin Wilson). The Knights had chances to tie the game down the stretch, but could not close on any of them. Coach Jerr Johnson gave credit to the opposing goalie. “He played great for them the whole night, and never gave us a lot,” he said. The Knights knew they would have to try and bounce back against Buffalo. Knights lose 6-3 in Buffalo The Knights traveled to Buffalo for the renewal of a rivalry, but it was the Bison who came out
